  Youno  with a name like yours you must be Rich!  Want to get married!??  ;)
  a lion & a cheetah had a race. the cheetah won. they LION said you CHEETAH  & the CHEETAH said YOU LION!
  my nigga. it be like that sometimesssss. ctfu.
!  Tomorrow a lot of us will be given the chance to really make a difference in someone's life that needs it. Don't miss it.
! Wolf Blitzer to tornado survivor: You gotta thank The Lord right? Response: Actually I'm an atheist. Awkward.
##Best Prices On Oklahoma State University Steel Stool with 4'' Logo Seat and L8B1 Base...
#69factsaboutme I live in Durant Oklahoma now but I'll always be a Texas girl at heart?
#Big12BSB: RHP Ralph Garza now pitching for  He replaces  Dillon Overton. Sooners lead  1-0  bottom of the 6th.
#Dolphins 2012 Nat Moore Community Award went to  Congrats and thanks for helping to make world a better place.
#DontBeThatPerson who post the pictures about Instagram deleting your account...
#Forklift #job Material Handler - Aerotek Commercial Staffing - Oklahoma City
#Herbalife #Breakfast @ OUHSC Robert M. Bird Health Sciences Library
#Hope #abbs #stunt #summergear #turnup
#HowToKeepYourMan love him in ways that doesnt involve disrespecting yourself or compromise your beliefs. Dare to be different ladies!
#IKnewMyChildhoodWasOverWh3n I caught my brother & one of his exes fuckin...
#Imagine the lesson to never take anything for granted. Bill Sandberg #TheImagineProject #Oklahoma
#Kevin Durant you are awesome. Oklahoma is blessed to have you!!
#LPL Financial overhauling compliance program after fines. Reuters spoke to LPL Prez Bob Moore:
#Lakers Kobe Bryant  Pau Gasol tweet prayers for Oklahoma tornado victims
#MeekerHighSchool where teachers have squirrel skeletons named Fred
#MemDayPBS What percentage of these are women who are the highest of homeless and with dependents?
#MentionTo your friend who drives an expensive car.
#Moore Pouring your beer down the side of the glass prevents foam. #Oklahoma
#NBA Cheap tickets for all Oklahoma City Thunder Tickets this season & playoff.  #iFollowBack So
#NCAAFootball Tornado could be seen from Bob Stoops' home (Yahoo! Sports)  #SportsRoadhouse
#NP STILL HERE WIT MY DAY 1 NIGGAS SO YOU HEAR ME SAY...
#OKC #TransitTownhall this meeting was pretty urban and advanced - and then I stepped back into what here can be. **sigh** grow grow City!
#OKCBound   #Gators have done it! FIFTH WCWS IN LAST SIX YEARS! UF is 57-7 and heads to OKC!
#OTH never had a girl who wasn't pretty lol
#Oklahoma  You live in tornado alley.  You always have. Boat or storm shelter?  It's a freaking no-brainer.
#Oklahoma Drinking has a learning curve. It takes some people longer than others to figure out how to not be an idiot. #mobile
#Oklahoma You'd think the poor people have enough to contend with....Now #SkyNews have sent *Burley*. Anyone opened a book?
#Oklahoma accident on Meridian Ave at NW 63rd St as reported by police #OKCtraffic
#Oklahoma possibly the best photo I've seen in a long time
#Oklahoma teacher said on  that her insurance may not pay because of the hospital they took her to being out of network #NUTS
#OklahomaCity  call for survey feedback of anyone who. Has an interest in the bus system and pending change
#PRTips you suggested connections daily and listed Karma after phone and email... :) wasn't sure if one renders address 4same
#ShawneeOK  is fortunate to have  back. She adds tremendously to the culture.
#StandWithJamesRosen I will take no more.
#Summernights #Summernights #Summernights #Summernights #Summernights #Summernights #Summernights Be There Or Be Square !!!!!
#TRYING to go back to sleep
#ThanksToDance   the leg I tore my ACL on is actually stronger than the other. #dancerprobz
#ThatOneExWho flirts with all my friends.
#TheJoke is your new nickname
#Tornado Warning for Barton  Cedar  Dade and Vernon County in MO until 7:00pm CDT. #Missouri
#TweetLikeTheOppositeSex I miss my long hair
#Twitter showing me #Love tonight!
#WeAllKnowThatOnePersonWho smokes the horrible satanic inspired marijuana plant
#WeCantDate if your nipples look at me like a damn bug
#XboxMemories Finding the sickest prefire spots in hardcore s&d.
#Yahoo #Trend Julianne Moore  Relishing Complicated Characters  #Follow4Follow Too
#greysonfact Greyson was just three 3 years old when his family moved from Texas to Edmond Oklahoma
#honestyhour I like to wear half split running shorts without the liner. Often in public. My friends almost gave me an intervention.
#indeed #inspiration #ambition #devotion #dedication #determination #drive #live #life #love #lovelife
#inspiring #quote: 'Change your thoughts and you change your #world.' - Norman Vincent Peale
#jobs4u #jobs Civil Design Professional Engineer  #OKC #okcity #OK
#jobs4u #jobs Senior Drilling Engineer  #OKC #okcity #OK
#labor #jobs Licensed Journeyman Electricians: OK licensed electricians needed for residential const...
#luggage #passport #cabride to airport in the AM #STRESSED #bedtime ...  Not quite#paris in the morning #wwht2013 here I come
#mentionsomeonewhofriendzonedyou dammit chris you went to far
#np build god  then we'll talk. Panic at the disco.
#oomf is so fine he don't even know how fine he is ..
#oomf is strong as fuck!!!
#oomf is talking bout #oomf and she don't care
#oomf saw my #TMNT boxers one day. You know who you are @ her doe
#ou #oklahoma #university #building #architecture #architectural #arch #normanok #norman @ Sarkeys
#ou #oklahoma #university #flower #flowers #pink #rose #green #natural #nature #summer #summerou @ OU
#photography #jobs $PHOTOGRAPHERS NEEDED$:  NOW HIRING Photographers in the Norman  OK / University ...
#realtalk #faith #change #life #lifechange #learn #learning #failures #nevergiveup @ Clear Picture
#retail #jobs CROSSMARK Retail Team: to add to its Retail Team. Are you looking for a retail merchan...
#retail #jobs Sales Associate - Part Time: selling skills  Front-end operations  Merchandising and r...
#somf twitter names should be Sir or ms. Caps alot
#tbt Way back to last week for Shawn's graduation :) @ Lloyd Noble Center
#tcob taking care of business
#tropaconmaduroylahojilla  In Oklahoma  it's actually illegal to take a bite out of another person's
#tt me and my stink
#tweeliketheoppositegender  it's cuddle weather <33 *as its a tornado rips their house down*
#tweeliketheoppositegender i'm all about my money
#tweetliketheoppositegender I gotta big dick.  Where????
#unwrittenlaw all jeeps wave at other jeeps. P
#wecandate if my cousin approves
#wecantdateif you not a kisser.
#well  me and my friend are going to the horse race at Remington Park in Oklahoma City  Ok
$PHOTOGRAPHERS NEEDED$ - #Norman   OK ( Get Photography Jobs #Photography #jobs #job #GetAllJobs
&  need to date. Like now.
& I'm wearing my hair in the same bun I've been wearing it in .
& WHO SAID THE HEAT WAS GONE LOSE? bulls fans and other heat haters
& it's safe to say  you aren't who you used to be.
& my nose is stopped up. )':
'Found some old jewelry but not her beloved dog': Instagram photos from John King Captions: 1. Renee Meyers fo...
'Let's go kick this rubble's ass!' #austinstone #disasterreliefteam @ Veterans Memorial Park
's speech had me rolling! Loved it!
(-.-)/ If not well just go eat wings?  i gotchu
*bows*   haha you're welcome! Glad I could contribute to that!.
*gets on twitter* *sees Blane talkin about booty that he never sees* *face palm*
*talking about fat girl* Brooke- I wonder if she's ever had sex  ...with a donut
*tweets about how good Oklahoma is*
- & he just got back from Oklahoma and cooked me dinner :)
- And I Wanna Be Someone BraceFace
- Du Yo Thang Boo && Ill Du Mines (;
- thanks for responding! go anytime or sometime specific? or go right now?
.  got me Leary on seeing Iron Man 3
... And they're going to let me keep walking. Even drove me back to the route! #tornadowalk
.... When it feels like livin's harder than dyinFor me givin up's way harder than tryin
.....so am I all three or can I pick?
...but seeing the amount of community support and neighbor helping neighbor is very encouraging.
...only dog ears. Great observation. That explains every dog grimacing in the corner or needlessly yelping through scenes.
...you are killing me with the snoring
07:39PM UTC Rotating Wall Cloud<-Spotr 7 miles SSE of COX CITY  OK-Rapidly rotating wall cloud 2 to west southwest..
07:56PM UTC Tor<-Spotr 1 miles S of MOORE  OK-Stovepipe 6-8 W of my location..
100% of each necklace sold will be donated to help aid tornado victims-
12:30 or 1  not much to cut  clean up  just need help every once in a while ;)
17 more minutes left till summer
1966 bulldogger dewey high school yearbook-oklahoma $20.00  #yearbook #collectibles
1:00 don't forget and don't show up late
1st day as a co manager #supragang lol (at Outlet Mall) [pic]
1st. Day back!! # working for living
2 live crew  2 for me  2 for you. Haha
2 rights don't make a wrong3 rights make a left
2 sets of grandparents. An Aunt and a bunch  and cousins
2-40 straight..I took may to 2-40 then to Santa Fe..it was clear all the way through
2. My plans were cancelled the day before thus my night was poo
2008 Victory Kingpin 8 ball Custom satin black paint job  red and black hand pinstriping  one of a kind tall black...
2013-14 Curvy & Classy Mrs Oklahoma Michelle Mathews with the Edmond Miracle League and her new friend Rachel!...
21641: Tornado Watch issued April 19 at 8:09PM EDT until April 19 at 10:00PM EDT by NWS Philadelphia - Mount Holly
24 years ago today...my parents said I do. Happy anniversary to the best two people who are meant to be together forever!
3 down and 1 more to go... Spurs on the road to the finals #GoSpursGo #Spursnation
3 mins in the house n she cussin up a damn storm
3 quizzes  5 short essays and 1800 questions later I can finally sleep... I thought it was summer?#exhausted  would be proud
36 died May 3  1999. 37 confirmed dead so far today. Such a sad day. Several children among them.
4 of 5 stars to Occupy Comics by Alan Moore
4 people  4 dogs and a cat. Party in the McMahan's storm shelter!
45 Best Things About Living In Oklahoma  via
4th-grader documents unhealthy #school #lunch | The Michael Moore of the Grade-School Lunchroom  via
5 minutes away from the drive way  I will KO in this bed.
5 mph? That thing would churn one area forever and a day.
50 cent corn dogs at sonic tomorrow. LETS GO
6 notifications...phone's at 66%.  CHARGE THAT SHIT!
70 damn dollars for a damn book
8 days and ill be in Cali spreading the word
8 patties and an XL milk shake. I finished it.
8-3 shift. Everything's 50% off in the store today (@ J.Crew Factory)
80% of the time when a girl says she wants to lose weight  she isn't even fat.
9-yr-old Janae Hornsby is one of the children who died in a Moore  #OK school. Her dad shares what he loved most about her at 8pm
98.9 plays the best music ever
:( take care of yourself sis.. Hope it will get better for you.. God Bless Always
:| norman about to go for the wibe.
??Maybe he's in Texas  maybe this town. Maybe Oklahoma plowin' up some ground?? #BoysFromTheSouth #PistolAnnies ???????
?Oh My Lord - Sho Baraka ft. Mitchell Moore &amp/Rick Trotter now playing on  #PromotingChrist
A Nigga with money can only impress a Broke Bitch !!!!!!say it again cause these bitches don't hear you!
A Stoic Note from the Epicurean Taurean.  #Oklahoma
A Tornado Would Be Exciting And Bad At The Same Time
A beer is what I need. And I don't even enjoy beer  idk why but I love this tweet! It's somethin I would say
A bunch of bull crap. I know plenty of people with great ambition and future plans that go to parties every so often and drink.  & don't sit
A daiquiri would hit fairly hard tho.
A deep love can be a deep hate.
A friend with weed is a friend you don't need LMAO
A good relationship can make #Scorpio stronger. A bad relationship can make them wiser for next time.
A great story on HBO Real Sports on a local school teacher unable to finish the Boston Marathon who 2 weeks later completed Oklahoma Cities.
A hot bath  meds  and my bed are calling my name #hurting
A house is on fire
A nigga like me ALWAYS getting in trouble!
A nigga tired now lol.
A nigha got 3 grams to himself last time smoking for 4 years #sadstoner
A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me..
A tornado flew around my room before you came.
A tornado though?!?! what the heck??
A tornado watch is in effect for most of the Mid-South  including Memphis and Shelby County  until 10 p.m. #memstorm
A tornado would be fucking terrifying
A true friend never lie 2 u  a true friend never leave you alone a true friend sometime lie but he tell u the turst later
AMERICA IN SHOCK AFTER OKLAHOMA HURRICANE
AND I love your ass too. :)
AND WE KILLED IT
ATTENTION THS SENIORS! Meet at 8:15 in the Commons tomorrow morning and we will go from there. Spread the word!
ATTENTION: If ANY of my followers are in or near Moore  Ok  the WBC plans on picketing a CHILDS funeral Friday! Show up&keep them away!
AVENUE!!!!! #friends #fun @ TapWerks Ale House & Caf
Aaron has all these women brainwashed.
About 8 miles as the crow flies.
About to beat a ill kids ass.
About to get off twitter on that one
About to help her out..!
About to leave Oklahoma. Be home in like... 9 hours.
About to pull my baby out of storage tomorrow  an putting a tower on it this summer
Actually   I need a life. Lol I've hung out with 4 people since summer started.  .-.
Actually  if you turn your mobile data off  you can listen to music and it won't completely drain your battery.
Adam and I saw them everywhere along the turnpike! I wanted to rescue them all! Kate wouldn't have made good friends...
Adderal  and 3 cups of coffee  and iced mocha later = bouncing off the walls.. I love this feeling!!
After Being Sealed for 100 Years  Time Capsule in #Oklahoma City Reveals Pristine Artifacts\\
After That I Just Gave In
After seeing the #TeenWolfSeason3 trailer  I'm more than ready for next Monday.
After tomorrow  I'm never touching a pencil again..
Again  wanna remind Boston that as it stands  it's far too cold for a tornado right now.
Again a weekend feeling locked up  prison and guilty of nothing...
Ah. Woke up in my own bed. Ready to work  today. Thanks  for working all wkend so I could attend a family reunion!
Ahhhh I don't know who to believe!! And I'm doing good! I miss you guys!! Tell little Micah I said hello :-) How are yall?
Ain't tweeted bout the heat game cause I'm too busy watching it #HeatNation
Alec? you party.. Yeah
All I ever think about is playing and winning game 1 .....  AUG. 29 7:00
All I hear are sirens. Hope everybody is ok.
All I need is Your love to fill this heart of mine.
All I wanna do is lay up
All good. Missed us by a few miles thank god. Thanks for checking on us:-)
All my Niggas Will $TICK YOU UP!!!
All of a sudden  a lot of people need to use the bathroom. #ac2013 #okumc #teachingtime
All of this talk of ethnicity & privilege has focused on men. It needs to include the aggression perpetrated on women by all.
All pets I tweeted are from Oklahoma and will be up for adoption at 11am tomorrow  at Paws at 1997 N. Clybourn Avenue.
All signs lead to ---> \The Let Out\Bring your own bottle\LADIES! Freeee b4 10:30pm\(1625 Cecil B Moore Ave Phila Pa
All summer my mindset is BASKETBALL / GYM/ BASKETBALL/ GYM /SLEEP / BASKETBALL / MONEY / GYM !!!
All the bad weather is going to miss B town
All the hoes taken & all the good MEN single. What's really going on??
All the white boys trynna HOLLA at Jomari. & Jomari don't even like white boys.
All the wine and air kisses to everyone at #okchefsrelief. I can't believe the amazing day we had.
All these niggas think they the shit ... I send up shits creek
All this happening and I have no insurance. instead of going to an orthopedic doctor to get a cast looks like ill be making my own cast.
All those action movies and sly is like that. Damn. But I like chuck more.been a fan of his longer.
Allllll RIGHT ppl. Its 0630!!! Time to roll your butts out of them FART SACKS!!!!!!
Allyson FELIX 22.36 and LaShauntea MOORE 22.85 to take the top 2 spot in the Beijing 200m.
Almost all of the bridal party! The picture cut off Kristen!
Almost finish with my song
Alright of bandwagon people out there..
Alright sorry fa all that shit talkin bout karsten ! She know she bad af. She can get it ctfu
Alright.. at a party I will! I might break my leg but fuck it!Lmfao..
Also it's nice to see Chris Tucker acting...
Also my folks  sister  Norman Harris from the Driffield League  Becky Coultas and Harrison's 2 teachers who also donated
Also the album V is completed. Just have to do my full listen and then upload it to Bandcamp.
Always be good to yourself  first.
Am I the only one who misses hearing 50 Cent yell G-G-G-G-UNIT?
Am I the only person who doesn't take tornado warnings seriously?
Amazing how a cold  'sugar free Rock star'  make a headache go away.....
And I can't find my old friend Man this shit makes me wanna cry
And I don't like telling anyone my problems.
And I eat a lot so this isn't working out.
And I hate asking my parents for money
And I'm hearing what you say but I just can't make a sound.
And Its In The Charger
And THAT'S how you express your opinion.
And a pink sky over downtown Oklahoma City.
And all my folks are panicking  MAKIN MY DAMN NERVES BAD!!!
And because I totally just realized I didn't say this... Thank you *hugs!*
And he continues to sit next to me and try to hold a conversation...as I sit here and tweet about his poo ass
And he just keep saying I dnt know why  talkin to yu. Jestiny's reply Bitch Me Either. bye!!! He laughs as a joke -__-
And hell  me and Blane ain't even ever hung out.
And im not just saying that cuz you w.byron trust me ..
And its rainin like Katrina  he got 30 in his ninaSeen Paulie car dropped 30 in his beamerPaulie wasnt in it when he heard it was steamin
And like a month after that he texted me and asked me if I would be his penpal while he was at military school
And nobody thought to invite Sekret Agent!!!!
And not being able to watch anything or see it on tv is killin me! Stuck here with no nothin!! :(
And now I hear you're happy and that....that tears me apart honestly.
And now I want taco bell.. Thanks..
And now the heat fans start talking... this guy!!!! Nah we been talking!!
And now you're eating moldy muffins and still partying. Lmao!
And on my way back so we could go home.. we got stuck.. im just glad it was my car and not my best friends life
And our scars remind us  that the past is real.
And she's not answering her phone. #stressing #mom
And the KEYSTONEXL pipe wants to go thru OK TX Tornado Alley  What are they thinking !!!!!!! Souls For Sale
And the Lord said let there be LIGHT!!!
And the kick is so divine when she sees bones beneath her skin..
And then I have to pay insurance on a car I haven't even been driving   there goes $90.
And then all of us do this.. Niggas be like you need to come mess with a real nigga.
And tonight we're going to have a family meeting to discuss the new rules.  Worst idea my moms ever had.
And we can make sexual jokes and it not get awkward. Lolol.
And we were trying different thingsWe were smoking funny thingsMaking love out by the lake to our favorite song!
And work is going by slowwwww.
And you fucking wonder why I don't like you.. MAYBE BECAUSE YOU ARE A DUMB FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT!!!
Anddd obviously a cellular..   All you need in the summer is alcohol and friends.
Anderson Cooper is ten minutes away from me. So there's that.
Another Dub chalked up for the good guys
Another night my friends with Our friend Justin Time playing 90's hip hop & party juice. @ 1310 Lounge
Any dog under 50 lbs is a cat  and cats are pointless.
Anybody got a size 9 to 9.5 shoe? Men's
Anybody know if the varsity one game has been cancelled yet?
Anyone can tell me to stop but will I do it? No you won't because you're Trevor MF Price
Anyone that just read those tweets and i know you guys did. Tweet me and tell me the person you may or thought you loved and tell me
Anything in people's refrigerators has gone bad by now...
Apologies don't mean anything after a while.
Apparently it depends who you're seeing the movie with I suppose.
Apparently there's a tornado watch.. Cool.
Architect.  I need an expert on building codes for Ok. Home builders? Lawyers? Hit me up - it's for an article ASAP!
Are my followers following  #ThatMakesMeHappyLikeOmgAreYouSeriousYayGoMe
Are people actually going bald for Omari Johnson?
Are y'all still praying for Boston or Oklahoma? No? Assholes.
Are you Ever Coming To Oklahoma City  ??
Are you freaking serious? A small fountain drink costs $4.75 at the theatre? Have I never been to movies?
Are you fucking kidding me?   Moore is a shit hole anyways.Shoulda bought a house in Edmond. fuck you
Are you guys playing any shows anytime soon?! Miss my buds!
As a man sometimes you got to set your pride aside and admit that you're wrong.
As fun as dressing up may be  I'm so happy to be back in Nike shorts and a long sleeve shirt where I belong My. Life.
As if the writers planned for the show's cancellation and planned on a video on demand streaming service to pick it up. Brilliant  hilarious
As much as I'm exhausted with such a headache and my eyes hurting from crying i don't think i can even sleep tonight.
As of noon Wednesday  105 Oklahoma Baptist disaster relief volunteers had prepared more than 9 000 meals  #moore
Ashley Cochenour and I are going tomorrow up here!!
Ashley.....it's not even noon yet...lol
At First she's gonna come on strong  like she'll love you all night long. Like its goin outa style  Then she'll leave you with a smile.
At Remington Park with the guys  and
At first I was mad  but then I realized I should just feel sorry for you.
At least if I get stuck in Dallas now  I have a ride to come pick me up and take me back to my destination city! #OKC
At least my parents and I are having a good laugh. #slaphappy
At the Y   These Niggas Cant Hoop At All
At the end of the day a prayer can't pay for a school or them houses or the Warren just being honest
At the expense of my #RedRaiders
At the skirvin bar in #OKC listening to two bounty hunters discussing business. #outlawsbescared
At this football camp bout to go ham !!!         #EAT
At work eattin a pb n j thank god I work at a hospital cuz nursing home cna noo noo
Atheist be like : I don't believe in God.God be like: I woke you up this morning  UOENO!
Aw I wasn't paying any attention haha!
Awe  dang! I'll be in Utah!
Awe feeling kind of Happy at the moment ;)
Awesome!  $100 is pricey for my catholic school teacher budget!  But I am eyeing those $29 seats
Awesome. Need our email addresses?
Awful pictures coming from Oklahoma
Awsome. They need it. Them folks are busting theirbutts.
Awww.. Let's Pray for Oklahoma ??
Ay bro you see that dude?...don't let me beat him up tonight  #truestory
B A S I C.
BAHA not in like forever.. Maybe Sunday.. Ill letcha know!
BBLW Trucking Harrah  OK 25.00 discount off of multiple load orders (offercod  Harrah Sand & Gravel Dealers #coupon
BOOM!     my feelings are hurt  you have never seen me!!! Nice try ::walks away::
Baby  you can crash my party any time.
Baby Daddy T better be in there.
Baby I'm not moving on  I'll love you long after your gone.
Baby I've got plans tonight you don't know nothin aboutI've been sittin around way too long tryin to figure you out #kelliepickler  #mylife
Back on the road! Oklahoma.....are you fucking ready?!?! ;)
Back safe and sound.  Praying for those affected by the Moore tornado!
Back to the work&&school grind. #letsstarttheweekendover
Bacon Burger! #hungry #burger #bacon #fries #foodporn #sogood #dont #judge #me @ James E. McNellie's
Bad relationships change good people. Bad relationships create bodybuilders!
Badd ass Bitches always be angry Bro!
Bags packed! Time to move.. again. Peace Oklahoma!
Ball game for  and we are off to the College World Series once again!
Barkin at the dawg but i bite back
Barry is 18. Came from Alberta b/c of a teacher he saw i'viewed on  The one who sang to kids #tornadowalk
Baseball cap with ponytail out the back.
Basically  she's demanding a free meal plus money back. Pounding the table and yelling didn't help her case.
Basketball players are hot.  thanks baaaby
Bass Pro is following me to OKlahoma
Be a simple kind of Man
Be happy & you will be successful.
Be happy your in your home in your bed sleeping tonight. Some people arent fortunate enough to be able to do this.
Be mad. Whatever. Just shows that you really don't even want to know.
Be safe bro  wtf a lightening bolt just hit close as fuck by my house !! holy shit !!
Beat  in fantasy this week. One week closer to reaching his goal of a defeated season.
Beats  phones charging  blanket  drink  and pillow pet. Lets do this thing!
Because even though you only say one 5 letter word to my goodnight messages I can't seem to go to sleep with out texting you
Because it is true   probably my favorite picture ever. #oklahoma
Because they're being lazy asses...lol na I'm playing..I guess that's when the next available shuttle will be ready
Because what's the point in creating a community with each-other if your not being part of the community?
Because you hate me and don't think I'm cute
Because you're a faggot. And tell that to the judge #mymom #swurv #fuckyourhashtag
Before   leaves for college   we must hangout no matter how things went in the past you're still my best and I loves you!
Being a tool on twitter will get you nowhere in life looks like you and i will get nowhere in life
Being white means you can stand on black ground  red ground  & claim you're home. The privilege of being white is 1 of dominate deniability.
Besides the fact I had to share a single seat with someone it was perf
Best friends & Mexican food
Best thing about Tuesday? We are open from 11-9p so there is plenty of time to grab yourself a sweet treat! #birthdaycakeremix #sprinkles
Beware scammers in the aftermath of destruction:  #okcfox
Beyond physics. The metal is creaking in the wind  like a rusty door. #tornadowalk
Biancab fart loud! Just walking and farting! Talking and farting! Folding clothes and farting! Don't nobody wanna smell that ish! Lol
Bible says sometimes the bad things that happen to us happen for our own good. He uses the bad and turns it to good.
Big 12 Baseball Championship Game: Oklahoma vs. Kansas
Big ass crib but I only use the kitchen.
Big brothers graduation with the boyfriend.
Big s/o to my friend Jeremiah for letting me stand by his neighbor's #storm shelter. Thankful we didn't need it. #okwx #Norman
Bikini Shot of the Day: Demi Moore Flaunts Hot Body in Malibu
Bitch don't kill my vibe!!!
Bitches ain't shit but Sevyns and Marvin's
Black men protested with a sign around their necks saying I am a man. I guess MJ needed such a sign during his meetings with AEG.
Blake Shelton will be there. Nobody wants to miss out on his fine ass.
Blane hates the heat because he can't watch Bosh without his pants getting tighter.
Bleacher Report -  - Best Potential Free Agent Fits Available for OKC Thunder During 2013 Offseason
Blessing day! (@ Holy Trinity Christian School)
Bonn sent me a picture of my oklahoma sky ill be seeing again on Thursday ??
Boo I feel the same way
Booker T. Washington plans a return to the heights of Oklahoma football  via  \My last spring fb package.
Boston  Texas  Oklahoma  and now London ????
Both of my room mates are with their girlfriends and I'm just sittin here like tf guess ill go upstairs and chill by myself
Both of them niggas in twitter jail lol
Bout To Get Off At 4p THOO !
Bout to be like fuck everyone! #GrindTime!
Bout to go to sleep lol night twitter it's rollin
Bout to listen to my beats  while i take this final!
Bout to pop some NyQuil pills and go back to sleep lol #thelife
Boutta be in that bitch all day.
Boutta go take a cold shower.
Boy oh boy   I was hungry !
Boys I'm finally back at 100%
Bradley Cooper ugh marry me
Breakfast at Cracker Barrel - so good! Love the cute little bottle of syrup! #crackerbarrel
Breaking News! I'm off work by noon  we're going shopping and I love you #thisjustin
Breaking: While all eyes were on Oklahoma...Senators approve amnesty bill
Brendan don't make me tell Germaine.chill!!!!!!!!!!
Brendan look like Taco and Jim Hendrix had a baby
Brent brought this idea to mind.. Great now it's a complete chill night doing #hw  #game #skyy
Bright note to an awful day:  The Oklahoma Youth Jazz Ensemble  with several Yukon band students.
Bringing a National Championship to Moore would be something they could proud of. #SaintsNation
Britney can you pick me up from work?
Bro everybody hates me. We still love you lil bro!
Broader bambino the hardest in of idgaf
Bryonna needs to go to sleep.
Btw this was in Oklahoma!
Bubble this proves ANGELS DO EXIST# OKLAHOMA
Burnin 60 stacks wit my sax
But Hey At Least They Okay
But I can't. And it sucks.
But I would never hate someone because I'm jealous of them
But Justin beiber ew what do 6 year old girls have to look up to now? One direction? Thank god I was born in 94 instead of 04 FUCK
But don't say it if you ain't bout it babe
But i gotta keep remindin these older women that i been doin this way before they even  thought bout bein a milf.
But i have a feeling its never gonna happen.
But if I make one little noise when they sleep all hell comes out!
But it do be fun now that I think bout it:  hmmmmm!
But kinda don't want my freshman year to end....
But really ill pick you up let's go get food
But really why am I watching this?
But she still forever talkin shit
But victory or defeat  it's up to me to decide But how can I expect to win If I never try
But what about Shawnee and Carney? Have we forgotten the destruction that occurred there? They need our help too..
Butter it all up then shit on it!!!
Bwahaha! This is why I love you guys!
By myself callin her ya name... Ladies tell me do you understand  and all my fellas do you feel my pain..
C  US Publinks gets underway at nearby OU golf course next week.. saw a few players at the muni today FYI
C# Web Developer - Level... - #OklahomaCity   OK ( Get Web Developer Jobs #WebDeveloper #jobs #job #GetAllJobs
C/o 2013 lost a lit respect for this sorry ass prank
CHECK OUT MY NEW SONG ON. NOW FT.  Produced by   Damn This New Song tho!
CNN needs to hire the young man #oklahoma
CONSPIRACY 3 DVD 7/7 London & Oklahoma Bombings Cover ups In LIES WE TRUST !!!! $0.66  #Movies
CTFU I was jk but I think he likes her tho ctfu
Calling it an early night
Cameron Bradley!! . Hey...that's my middle name
Camper for Sale Oklahoma City:
Can I come over after work?
Can I take a 3 minute nap real quick?
Can there just be a Taco Bell place in my front yard so I can eat it all day. Because I am in love.
Can we fuck with no strings attached? I just want a NUT and HEAD!!!!!!! CHECK UR DM LOL
Can we get a UOENO verse?
Can we please go back to Stillwater now?
Can we say Shoes from Texas are dumb? -P.Star
Can y'all just shut up and stop fighting? It's ridiculous
Can you imagine how cute my kid will be?
Can you really beat Oklahoma starry nights?
Can't Wait To Get Back On School !!! I Miss LLLLLLLLUUUUUUUUU !!!
Can't believe tomorrow is the last day! FINALLY.
Can't charmed just come back..???  #wanna #watch!!!
Can't do accounting right now like stop
Can't even find the strength to get out of bed
Can't really fucc with my fam like that most of them bitches are stupid
Can't sleep and I have to be up in a few hours to leave for Florida.
Can't sleep feel #guilty that josh & I have a couch to sleep on.
Can't stop coughing. It's hurts so bad when I cough  stuffy nose  eyes watery  sneezing. Uuuggghhh!!!
Can't trust a pretty face.
Can't wait 2 get my copy. I can add it 2 my  DVD collection. Will be meeting her again 2morrow 4 the 3rd time:-)
Can't wait to be back in West by God Virginia!
Can't wait to go Oklahoma this weekend
Can't wait to go back to school imma handle that shit
Can't wait to go car shopping  just waiting for one more check.
Canceled my chase account. OU federal credit it free for students!
Cannot stop listening to  's cover of Just Give Me a Reason. Chills EVERY time.
Cant find my keys cuh bad bidness
Car needed an oil change!!
Care too little  you will lose them. Care too much  you will get hurt.
Carly my girl bro you gotta choose another one
Carly stop it you have a boyfriend
Cause I feel like he'd be yelling that with good enough reason to.
Cause it's Sat... Time for cartoons! Lol... GO back to bed!!  Lol! I'm too awake to go back to sleep. #TIMETOPARTY
Cause the truth hurts  and those lies heal
Cause you starve us out  and you can't make us run. Cause we're them ole boys raised on shotgun.
Chairman Collins on Flashpoint #oklahoma #politics  @ KFOR-TV NewsChannel 4
Change that to 9:30!! Kickback is changed to 9:30!!!
Channing Tatum is the only white guy I would go for!  Baby yes please
Chasing my dream until it is a reality.
Check out  and come out this Wednesday night to the Bricktown Events Center and help out by watching awesome bands.
Check out this collection of photos to watch how a funnel forms  touches down  and grows:  #Moore
Checking out my first show at  ! Very cool stage and setup  and the owners are awesome
Chief it all your fault! The person below the person below is what I ment Haha beat that baby Pokmon freshman
Chillin at work.... no power..
Choclate milk sounds really good right nowWith cookies? Fuck yes.
Choctaw should take a field trip to moore to help clean up!
Choke her while you smashing. Girls love being choked
Chomsky  Oliver Stone y Michael Moore instan al New York Times a examinar cobertura sobre Venezuela
Christ alone  Cornerstone. Weak made strong in the Savior's love. Through the storm  He is Lord  Lord of all. :-)
Christine just paid me $100 dollars to stay in Oklahoma
Ciara betta be mad tho
Cici gone end up being one of my favs!
Class not ass. Class + ass that is Beyonce.
Classmates looking for Joyce Miller Hopkins and Karen Smith.  Please post if OK.  #OpOK #Oklahoma
Clergy Executive Session (@ OCU Bishop W. Angie Smith Chapel)
Cleveland County Offers Free Tetanus Shots Wednesday
Cobe called me fat on the last day of school..
Cold beer on a Friday night.
Collin needs to wake up.
Come get your car... like now
Come on over Drink my wine Waste my candles Waste my time Tell me lies I won't believe Just don't wake me when you leave
Come on through to the country side  down to the river side.
Come out to meet  tell you I'm sorry  don't know how lovely you are.... #thescientist
Come pick me up-Ryan Adams. That's emotion right there #greatsong :)
Coming up in 3 minutes on Today in Alabama.  Late Alabama athletic director Mal Moore receives in honor.  That story at 6:26.
Comparison of #Moore  OK in 1999 and yesterday. Their paths are very similar.
Congrats to  on making his comic  #ELE a reality!
Congratulations to Mr. and Mrs. Tom Pedersen! @ Berry Road Baptist Church
Congressman Tom Cole (who is from Moore) of Oklahoma's 4th Congressional District spoke to reporters at Moore City...
Consider this an open invite to the dog park #dogparty2013
Continue w/ 30:2 until help arrives  the casualty makes a recovery until you are exhausted or R in danger #Moore #Oklahoma #tornado
Coo. How your checks be lookin.?
Corn dogs are $.50 at sonic today. Anyone down for a corndog party?? Lmfao
Could you paint me a Birmingham
Counter-protesting Westboro. Get out of my state  fuckers.
Cowboy Sheriff Whitewashing #Scientology #Narconon Investigation in Oklahoma ::\
Cracking up at all of  Vines. Love that guy more and more every day.
Crampin like a bitch and that shit ain't in my jeans
Crap I forgot her grandma
Crazy to say my favorite song is called my favorite song. #Wiz
Cryer will be having heart problems again. ..# RollTide
Ctfu you mad thought not .
Ctfu! Dont you live in yukon?
Cuddling is simply the best thing ever.
Cute shorts only 10 bucks (at
DB drills. First group out is Carr  Church  Allen  Claiborne. Second group Moore  McCray  Johnson  Scandrick.
DEDICATE TO THE PEOPLE OF OKLAHOMA| The sun don't shine unless the rain decides to fall again.  on #SoundCloud
DONATE BLOOD  GET Free Zoo admission!\\Feel fierce. Give blood. When you donate blood at any Oklahoma Blood...
DUH GURL. So you should go to lake Arcadia tomorrow at 2pm :)
Daaayum  my interactions like dat girls cat. Blown up.
Dad ask if I'm drunk.. All I say is bowlin #mamakaystyle
Daddy says he ain't worth a lick when it comes to brains he got the short end of the stick
Daddy's taking me to look at it Monday :)))))))
Daming namatay sa Oklahoma USA. God's speed! :(=))))
Dammit  I hate when I misspell something in a tweet. That word seriously had 3 letters...wow I'm dumb. Lol
Damn   how my legs feel right now <<
Damn I hate being sober
Damn I'm getting tired as fuck
Damn ion Give a damn right now im going ham right now !
Damn this rain is bad! it might turn into a freaking tornado!!
Damn u so damn cute specially with your shpecks onyou can't go on date with just anybody She might be emotionally unstable
Damnn I want to go see hangover 3
Dang I slept through all that
Dang so glad I'm out of that PMS holding cell lol I swear dudes catch more feelings bout stuff than me
Dang these loser be going to sleep already  I'm bored and in need of someone to talk to  any one out their?
Dangg.. me and  didn't get to go to frontier city!
Day #1 of #FatlessPayGoal.Cleansing... All water today. Maybe some fresh fruit juice later tonight.No strenuous activity other than work.
Day at the ranch today
Day hasn't been so bad!:)
Deanna's grandma is so cute
Dear Stupid Allergies  I Hate You!! Feel Like Crap! :(
Dear lord help me make it through this day
Debating if I want to go to the gym right now...
Decorated tiles at a park in Norman. Street art  maybe? #lolz #pretty #interesting  @ Reaves Park
Delilah is ignoring me cause I'm attractive. I figured that out by putting stuff into my computer and analyzing it...with SCIENCE
Demi Lovato's new album doesn't suck so that's an okay thing
Devan has such a weird sense of humor...
Dez  I would've put that rose on that dudes bear chest  put a shirt on. #TheBachelorette
Did Harry Smith just say God is great in Oklahoma!!!  Seriously. ..on NBC!?!!??
Did I just really read that?
Did I really just see a girl walking down the hall with a cape on. #wut
Did Ivy just tweet herself?
Did Venus blow your mind? Was it everything ya wanted to find?
Did anyone else have a close call with danger today?
Did everything with my bro and a female messed it up
Did he really favorite my tweet without replying?!
Did it just come on ?
Did my part more to come
Did you really think I'd just stand in line and wait around for you until whenever time you'd like
Didn't See  Tonight !!! Where Were You ??
Didn't realize they were that big  but NBA teams with success almost ALWAYS are national brands - Spurs only exception b4 OKC
Digging those sideburns in Candelabra  lol
Dinner with  tonight. I can't fucking
Dinner with family (@ Pho OKC)
Disaster Relief for Moore  OK\\Highland Park will be partnering with Draper Park Christian Church in south...
Discover Where To #Elope in #Oklahoma at:
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Do payphones still even exist?
Do the Spurs sweep tonight or does Memphis pull off what has never been done in NBA History
Do the same damn thing every weekend
Do what you want  who cares what other people think. It's your life not theirs.
Do you believe...Real Estate Investors Have the Edge in Housing Market.     #housing
Do you frown upon me as he did
Do you get government tax breaks for adopting littles
Do you hate me? Oh you do? Cool
Do you have a healing atmosphere available.
Do you know your on my twitter? Lol
Does Anybody know a place that is hiring?!
Does anybody have any mustache wax?
Does anybody know if I-35 is open through Moore?
Does anyone know of someone who is on Herbalife and lost weight on it?
Does anyone know the songs that played in FF6? We own it by wiz and 2 chains?
Does it defeat the purpose if I take my fat fighter pills with beer?
Does putting vegetables on pizza make it healthy?
Doesn't Beyonce kind of ask for that  though?
Doesn't look like my last Instagram-to-Twitter transfer worked as planned  but whatev...go look at  IG for a good post-hail laugh.
Dolla make me Holla honey boo boo child.
Dolphins punter Brandon Fields won the Nat Moore Community Service Award for his work in the community. Congrats  :)
Don't be mad when someone else starts to appreciate the person you took for granted.
Don't believe me just watch! Niggga niggga niggga!
Don't care about a lot shit that I use to
Don't even have chick-fil-a nor a raising cans on the east side. smh
Don't follow nicole Honestly. I regret following her.
Don't forget that U.S has short attention span.
Don't get caught in the sauce fuckin with a boss
Don't get it but this Drake stuff got my dyin!!!
Don't go thinkin you're irreplaceable.
Don't ignore me for no reason. You're cur off
Don't judge me based on what you heard.
Don't let anybody take your smile away.
Don't listen to a word I say.
Don't make me jump across that coffee table.
Don't mean you have start naming fast food restaurants lol
Don't smile like that  it makes you look like an 8 year old boy who just discovered his first boner. Get him to the Greek cracks me up haha
Don't wanna go to work because I hate the place.
Don't worry guys I still know all the words to all the songs from High School Musical 1-3.#WhatTeam#WILDCATS
Dont get mad at me cuz u a bum
Download new iTunes? Ain't nobody got time for that.
Downloading some new music. Any suggestions would be helpful
Downtown OKC   glad my truck has a lift kit
Downtown at night is the best
Drake will always be my favorite artist GAYYYYY!
Drea sleep or na? Lol i ain don wit her
Dreams do come true there! Lol
Drink & smoke I will have you doing things you won't remember...
Drive your truck and wagon wheel  and boys round here have been the songs in my head the past couple of weeks.
Drivers need for Mercury One disaster relief trailers. Please contact  #Oklahoma #Texas #Okies
Drop the Molly in her bathtub .... She neen know it!!!
Duck dynasty is cracking me up right now.
Dude  im going to the mall saturday.
Dude I know. Go get some then come over here.
Dude Moore I didnt see that when I watched that but a friend did and accused The Government & I DEFEND THE GOVT she was wrong
Dude Pauls Valley's gonna flood after all this rain. Hope the river holds it!
Dude it's FIFA all week for us!
Dude started yelling for her to come back when she walked out of the pool
Due to the tornado news cast  will episode 4161 show at a later date?
Durant when he was younger
Dylan please come save me from school if you're that bored :( lol ill do anything haha f m l
Dyscalculia in which sufferer faces difficulty in understanding the numbers and mathematical calculation.
EDMOND  OK: Give that kid twirling the We Buy Gold sign at Broadway & 2nd Street a trophy.
EVEN Though Dying Isnt In The Plans But Neither Was Making It BUT Here i am
EVERYONE: take donations to earlywhine elementary school! Water  snack foods  toiletries  diapers  wipes  anything would be great!
EWW. she's UGLY! I know right !
Earth angel earth angel will you be mine
Earthquake  tornado  lockdown at St. Joes  dead body outside North. Who the fuck is playing Jumanji?
Easier plan  put the blockade around the church during service.
Edmond I work with my dad
Edmond North High School is collecting cases of bottled water until 10pm tonight in the foyer  and tomorrow morning in the office. #Donate
Either I'm delusional right now or my hair has gotten longer
Emily  heard the 30 & 31 of May will have conditions similar to May 20... is that right?
Emily vs Mike round 2. The sass has already started.
Empty stomach   Full clip I'm gon get it
End of year awards! (@ Pioneer Intermediate school)
Energy  Passion and Activity = Results........ Dave Ramsey #Sales
English = Hello. Spanish = Hola. French = Bonjour. Japanese = Konnichiwa. Chinese = N Ho. Italian = Ciao. Me = Sup B*tch
English: Spanish:__History: Choir: Geometry:Chemistry:__
Enjoy it while it lasts Spurs... Lol
Even The thought of goin to work is just insane! :(
Even Thru Tragedy GOD Is Still Awesome !!
Even deaf bitches say hi to me.. She told a blind bitch and she say she gotta see
Even if I had the money for a brand new dub id still buy an older one and build it up. #VWProbs #MK5GTI
Even if I spend the whole day with you  I miss you the second you leave
Even tho it's hard  im not texting you back.
Even though they weren't so great
Ever feel like giving up?
Ever since the day you went away and left me lonely & cold my life just hasn't been the same oh baby no
Every girl deserves a guy who looks at her everyday like its the first time he saw her.
Every new day is another chance to be a better person than you were the day before.
Every pickup game at the muni has been fabulous...absolutely fabulous #lucky
Every state  there's a station  playin' Cash  Hank  Willie  and Waymon.
Every time I go out to eat with my white friend she always give 5 or more dollars tips fucc that you gettin 1 dollar if that.
Every time I scroll I see the word sex
Every time my mom and I go anywhere together  we get out of hand
Every time our eyes meet  this feeling inside me  is almost more than I can take. #Lonestar
Everybody asleep  except for me on the  highway lol. This non caffeine soda got me going.
Everybody check    on a 1 hour all new episode of American restoration tonight 10/9 central
Everybody that got my Number and aint text me in the past week ...delete my shit...
Everyone I know is having pool issues this year.
Everyone better be blessed that they have a home to go to..! #RealTalk
Everyone complaining about being awake too early... Dude  at least you woke up alive today? #amen
Everyone could tell how I was changing.
Everyone go follow this beauty  right now!!! She's #Gorgeous #DoIt #FollowHer
Everyone go to El Chapala if you haven't been  it's delicious
Everyone is getting jobs this summer and I'm just over here like   lol my boyfriend doesn't want me having one so I don't
Everyone is having fun tonight enjoying Memorial Day tomorrow! And I'm like....bed time. Work in the morning.
Everyone must know that Zach just be pullin no matter what it's over you can't compete
Everyone stop what you're doin && go follow  he's cute  cool && crazy!! #DoIt
Everyone worrying about if they can see movies at warren smh lives are all that matter at this point
Everything by keith urban is the gayest song..
Everything you need to know: Tornado safety | Earth | EarthSky:
Everytime I drive somewhere I end up getting angry
Everytime my family needs to be somewhere  it's like every single fucking chore needs to be done before we leave. #rage
Eww my dad is taking the guts out these rabits!!
Except maybe the part where I said good fucking night  because I clearly am not sleeping.
FACT: El Reno  OK is 379 miles from OKC.
FANY  CAN YOUR SMILE STOP THY TORNADO?!!
FINALLLLY get to see Fast and Furious tomorrow.
FOLLOWED ME I AM CRYIING HANNAH MONTANA FOREVER
FRAT HOUSE WE NEXT
FROM THE P HOUSES DID IT  FROM THE WEAK HOURS SELLIN THAT CHICKEN NO LIMEN PAPER NO SWEET N SOUR......!!!!!  2CHAINZ
FUUUUUUUCVCCCVKKKKKK I LEFT THE HOUSE WITH OUT MY WALLET!
Facebook page for the McClain County Animal Response Team:
Fact: When a boy wears a beanie I want to make out with him approximately 900% more.
Faded way to long I'm floating in an out of consciousness
Fallin: while it has been a tough week she says she has seen many good things in the people of Oklahoma
Fantasy Suite Man  is making a bold move... #thebachelorette
Fast and Furious 6 deserves all the success
Fast food makes me feel like shit. #fatgirlprobz
Favorite thing about the summer is no make up all the time!
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows.
Feet on the ground time to help! Count my blessings!
Fifth Wheel Camper for sale in Oklahoma City:
Filet better learn to like that...
Fill my cup high as trees  relax feel the breeze.
Finally Taking These Clothes Out these boxes from my dorm lol
Finally downloaded  Listening to  and  Not feeling so homesick anymore. #iHeartSeattle
Finally got my package from  This is the best day ever!!! Haha! Four months later!
Finally saw  It was magnificent. Just lovely.
Finished putting in 4th quarter grades. Last day of school Thursday....professional development Friday  and Check out on Tuesday. Almost!
Finishing this video as soon as I can.. Ready for tonight.
First bonfire of the summer even though summer hasn't started idgaf
First off why isn't  twitter verified if this is really her
First sno cone of the summer with my bestfriend
First stop in #OKC. Who knew oil and vinegar tastings were similar to wine? #oliveoil #fun @ Olive & Co
First thought when I wake up is my God he's beautiful  so I put on my make up and pray for a miracle
Fittingly for a homophobe  Norman Tebbit seems to have disappeared up his own arse.
Flagstaff  Arizona. Honolulu  Hawaii ? Haha next stop  duh.
Follow  That's our guy at KOCO. Dude is awesome.
Follow Me Back Stupid !
Follow me back. I have a question
For all those people at EOSC who looked down on me for leaving. I just want to say that I am so happy at where I am now. I love my school..
For ha not to text me back doe  like wtf I ain't get a text tho!
For me  it was.  Was yesterday real
For my uncle  he went down to search for his cat and dog  and found them in their favorite place alive.
For real though...why doesn't Stan Van Gundy have a job yet
For real why is there so much traffic!?!
For someone who does care you sure did leave easy.
For the first time in 35 years  Dad returns to #OKC to show me the skyscraper where he got his 1st job out of college
For the past two days I've been helping in Moore with a pretty famous UFC jiu jitsu trainer.. That's pretty cool.
Forever body that think  is a fake page !! His real && lives in Oklahoma
Forever not feeling good on long car rides...
Found a blanket in my back seat! Now I'm good to go!
Found the Mondo Drive album that sold out in Austin in 30 seconds  plus a waaaaay out-of-print
Four teams in the NBA with singular names: Oklahoma City Thunder  Utah Jazz in the West & Orlando Magic & Miami HEAT in the East.
Fourth World Radyo: Earth Changes (05.22.2013) - Summary:TheAngryindian speaks on Oklahoma  Afro-Indios and...
Fresh Meat Anal Slut!  Natalie Moore gets her first a...
Fresh off the slave boat
Frog hunting is an art... And she is very sneaky #favoritefrenchie  #frenchbulldogs @ frog pond
From Florida to Cali  back to Florida to Oklahoma....I been all around the U.S. chasing this dream of mine....??????????
Frontier city  first time.  Woo
Fruit cup is needed!! (at
Fuck Yuma!!! Time for you to move to a real city :-D
Fuck a fake filter  where your real face at?
Fuck all these little ass towns! I need to get some gas
Fuck every nigga that broke my heart .
Fuck everyone going to the lake today
Fuck high school I just wanna go to college to party and play sports
Fuck water I need something to eat got damn it !
Fuck with us you die tonight!
Fuck work today mann aint tryna go!
Fucking hell. Red solo cup mini shotglasses?
Fun day of swimming  tanning  eating fried pies  & chasing down haters with   &  #Arbuckle #ClayAiken
G R E Y S O N C H A N C E
GET A CAR!!!! NO! Hah. Do you remember that biking story?
GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY MENTIONS & READ THE BIBLE
GIRL CODE SUCKS. IT'S A UNFUNNY RIP OFF OF GUY CODE. GET YOUR OWN SHOW
GUESS WHO HAS THEIR LICENSE BUT NO CAR? I JUST WANNA GO GET MY PUPPIES DANG IT
Garvin County more on my mind than a theater. I could chill in tha cellar Forget a theater I gotta iPad with 20+ movies n earphones. #fwm
Gas prices are higher than my GPA. Thanks Obama. WAAAAY higher than mine
Gay sex is happening in my bed right now.Fuck yeah it is
Get back to edmond and my ac is out....fml
Get off my D Tgay
Get out of this town
Get yo hits then pass the blunt.
Getcho ole rosa parks back of the cheer line routine looking ahh.
Gettin' in reps! (@ Swat Batting Cages)
Getting My Hair Done Next Weekend !
Getting my hair flat iron .
Getting my oil change and ITS TAKING FOREVER. GAWWWD.
Getting rid of unimportant people from my life. Bye boo
Getting to old for these kinda shows. Scene kids and fan girls everywhere.
Gillie Da Kid  - Out In Oklahoma Vlog (Video) (Shot by
Girl Boo He Gone Slap Yu.. I Wish My Man Was Here
Girl do you use that same mouth to kiss your momma?
Girl you know that you got me.
Girl you missed out friday!
Give it to your mom ..
Glad I got to see.    tonight!
Glad that I have people in my life to help keep a smile on my face during crazy times like these. Thanking God for each of them!! #allsmiles
Glad that profile left me alone.
Glad we decided to come to Oklahoma. Been Havin' a blast with my babies around here. Now off to jones town USA! Lol!
Go back to bed jake
God (is a) Reminder I'm Never Down. #GRIND
God Bless you too buddy
God I love Honey Nut Cheerios.
God bless #Moore #Shawnee #Ok Ernhrtfan Racing; Race Designs and more.#NASCAR
Going to be an uncle #excited
Going to bed and I already feel the strong need for coffee in the morning... Hmmm. Monday morning caffeine addict. #self-aware
Going to choctaw's graduation tomorrow meee toooo
Going to the Gym with a best friend just makes it that much more worth it.
Going to the hood today .
Going to the zoo! #familyreunion
Going w  iron play rule: make sure the divot starts after the ball...was unaware how sloppy my irons were.
Golf ball sized hail. This is fun
Gonna be at the movies til 1:00 am...yay.
Gonna try to get a good nights sleep tonight!
Gonna turn my phone off for the rest of the day
Good .. How are you doing?
Good day at work.. Just chillin now..
Good luck Mack Jensen on your final
Good luck to  and the Oklahoma Sooners. Hope you get better soon man.
Good luck to my favorite boys   and  today!!
Good morning  beautiful :) That's all it takes. Haha
Good morning to you too gorgeous !
Good point! MT  Why aren't we talking about #MeritPay for these teachers?  #edreform #edchat #Oklahoma
Good to have plenty of fruit at home in case the power goes out for a long time. Can still snack healthy
Goodmorning  you do the same  follow me? Follow back?
Goofy boys!! But gotta love them!! @ BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse
Gosh  what a miserable  windy day.
Got a gold #infinty ring with my birthstone: alexandrite  @
Got a iPhone on plane mode. That don't mean I'm flying tho.
Got a pretty little thang that's waiting for me
Got addicted to Arrested Development . One of the best #tv #shows I've ever seen so far.
Got all week to brag to everyone i know
Got convinced to go to Oklahoma til Saturday
Got hoed so hard by  last night though.
Got me up all night. All I'm singin is love songs.
Got my new swimmy suit from VS picked out Now I need money.
Got that right you're cute
Gotta Pack yesterday  You a whole day Late!!
Grab my hand  I'ma pick you up and put you on the counter. I'm not your other man  I'm a take my time and kiss all around ya.
Graduated on Saturday.  Leading the church in worship on Sunday.  Busy weekend for a young lady who I
Grandma tried to put Splenda in there I was like hell naw
Great day for some Sooner baseball!
Great! You? I'm very sore lol & on top of that moving today lol
Greenfields Petroleum Corporation Announces a Grant of Common Shares to Mr. Norman G. Benson
Guess Drake ain't ready for the main event
Guess im growing my hair back out.
Guess none of y'all wanna come help me move my room... Well f y'all too then!!
Guess what happened today at the gym....balled up  and when we were on the same team we lose... #lolduff smh
Guess who's going the #wcws for the 3rd straight year  my girls  baby!! #Sooners
Guys  I made a snapchat.
Guys I can't go today. I already have plans.  .-. Y'all can go though!
Guys.  thought Rudy was about a pig. I have so much to teach her.
Guyzzz I literally have nothing to do all day... #lotsoffun #helpppppp  COME. OVER.
HB1340 [Update] Criminal procedure; modifying certain definition; effective date.
HB1416 [Update] Tax credits; coal and zero emission facilities; limiting transfer; refund; effective date.
HB1465 [Update] State government; creating the Quantification of State Government Performance Budgeting and Accou...
HB1477 [Update] State government; powers and duties of the Director of the Office of Management and Enterprise Se...
HB1683 [Update] Sunset; State Board of Examiners of Psychologists; re-creating Board; modifying termination date.
HB1693 [Complete] Sunset; Domestic Violence Fatality Review Board; re-creating Board; effective date.
HB1695 [Update] Sunset; Scenic Rivers Commission; re-creating Commission; modifying termination date; emergency.
HB1717 [Update] State government; providing for determinations of salary amounts for certain chief executive offi...
HB1782 [Complete] Public health and safety; allowing first responders to administer certain medicine without pres...
HB1922 [Update] Waters and water rights; modifying the Scenic Rivers Act.
HB1923 [Update] Environment and natural resources; creating the Emergency Drought Relief Fund and Commission; eff...
HB1932 [Update] Energy; granting incumbent electric transmission owners the right to construct  own and maintain ...
HB2310 [Update] Revenue and taxation; sales tax; modifying time period during which exemption for rolling stock i...
HCR1021 [Update] Banking; concurrent resolution outlining the hardships community banks face due to increased ru...
HCR1022 [NEW] Legislature; Sine Die adjournment.
HELL YEA  MY SHIT COST 6 850.75 like no joke!.LMAO
HELP ME TWITTER- should I get my hair cut?
HJR1051 [Update] Joint Resolution approving permanent rules of the Construction Industries Board; distribution.
HJR1053 [Update] Joint Resolution approving permanent rules of the Department of Labor; distribution.
HJR1057 [Update] Joint Resolution approving permanent rules of the Department of Labor; distribution.
HJR1065 [Complete] Joint Resolution approving permanent rule of the Oklahoma State Department of Health; distrib...
HJR1070 [Update] Joint Resolution approving permanent rules of the Board of Chiropractic Examiners; distribution.
HOW DO YOU SNEEZE WITH YOUR MOUTH CLOSED?!
HR1011 [Complete] A Resolution stating legislative intent on adoption of Common Core State Standards until certai...
HR1032 [NEW] A Resolution directing the State Board of Education to cancel and cease certain testing contracts w...
HURRICANE  n. An atmospheric demonstration once very common but now generally abandoned for the tornado and cyclone. The hurricane i...
Had a GREAT night! Love my friends!
Had a dream me and avril lavigne were just casually laying next to each other lol It's typical for me!
Had a great Summer Love saved ice from  today. Surprisingly light and refreshing. Day 145
Had a great night for once.
Had a nice talk with my boyfriend (:
Had a successful fat day.  #foodcoma @ O Asian Fusion
Had so much fun with
Haha his ass is in trouble
Haha his face says  I'm fucked
Haha just found out something amusing ...made my day
Haha okay good. Now I don't feel so bad lol   no
Hahaha what a good game!!! Enough screaming for one night LOL
Hahaha. I  Half u niggas cant even drive to the cup and make a lay in pickup when the score 0-0 so sit down with all that
Haiku for  I don't know your workBut you are F'n coolI'm a fan of you
Haiku for  brought me laughterWhen I needed it the mostA thousand thank yous
Haley doesn't want me too
Handing out slaps! For that tweet
Hands down without a doubt the absolute weirdest introductions on the Bachelorette!!! Bi.zarr.O!
Happy 15th birthday  !! I hope its great
Happy 21st Birthday Emmalie!! I love you girl! Can't wait for tonight:) #notwitterEmmalie
Happy baby is all tucked in and ready for bed! #oliversamuelwilson #smiles #swaddled #sleepybear
Happy birthday  it up. But Dont get crazy. I will come all the way to TX and whoop yu! Yu not grown yet :)
Happy birthday to one of my favorite western Oklahoma babes   Miss you! ????????
Happy birthday to the perfect
Hard to believe I'll be at camp in one week getting ready for #HOH13
Hardest thing ever for #Sagittarius? Controlling their laughter at serious times.
Harrah at 4:14? Awesome.. please no.
Has Norman got any daughters?
Has anyone actually confirmed Westboro is even there?
Has me wondering ARE YOU TRYIN TO BE FUNNY?! Lol  cause trust me  I'm laughing at yo ass!!!
Hate LBJ but I respect him for the player he is! He takin over this game!
Hate cleric Anjem Choudary: Okla. tornado a 'soldier of Allah' sent to punish 'oppression of Muslims
Hate the rumors  hate the bullshit  hate these fucking allegations.
Have a great day!! I can't believe its your last day of your sophomore year in HS!! I love you!!
Have you heard Regardless (Prod. By Ace Stax) by   #TheReUpMixtapeComingJuly4th #FME
Have you sayin oh my god girl put it in my mouth
Haven't been on a plane in 20 years and wouldn't you know it. Its storming out and we cant take off. Sheeesh!! Oh well. Lifes good. DC bound
Haven't heard from  in a couple days..
Haven't heard from Coach Damon yet.
Haven't lived in Meridian since 6th grade but I'm still homies with so many people.
Haven't really watch the playoffs since the Thunder lost
Haven't seen mario this game at all
Having a beer with my silver fox Anderson Cooper (@ James E. McNellie's Public House -  w/ 4 others)
Having a dirty mind makes life a lot more funny.
Having low iron sucks. I crave ice like a muthafuckaa!
He ain't fly though he don't even drive though.......get get get it beat beat beat it#BeatIt what!?
He doesn't answer his phone!
He has maned up and apologized. Didn't realize the severity. There's NO rivalries with death.
He is alive and well. I'm looking for a cheap old sprint phone for
He just texted me again hahaha but it was a goodnight text  good with me
He might call or might not . *shrugs*
He reminds us He is with us.
He said I look like a porn star! __ & how is that a compliment!?
He said he blocked ya for being a lunatic. You were right about ppl blocking u...lol
He still texting me  but he dont wanna fight. Lol this yu cuz
He wasn't wearing a uniform. I just thought he was living the single man's dream  eating frozen pizza for every meal.
He's all dancing. Telling my brother I finally have a girlfriend and you don't omg this is to funny
He's in love now   oh lol
Headed south from OKC? Don't take 35. You'll hate life.
Headed to Oklahoma for a couple days
Heading home for the day
Heading home. Missing Oklahoma family and friends
Heal already!! When it does there's gonna be a lot of pictures!
Hearing the bells near OU brings back memories. A sense of calm. A renewed focus. #OKStrong
Heat Haters a bit quiet tonight
Heat going against the spurs
Heat lost game 2&3 last year to Indiana...no panic
Heaven is a pretty lil gal .
Hector said he will train me to be as good as him the only bad thing is I have to wake up early af ._.
Hefner parkway is so annoying.
Hell yea \\Tornadoe Far To Pussy To Hit Dallas\\This Aint Oklahoma Son  We Gone Get On Ya MF ass
Hello Deirdre;-) haven't seen you on in awhile.
Helping out with more after the tornado! Great first day of summer!
Her first time. (with Krista at bobo's)
Here  let me take EVERYTHING  from you!  Let's see if Siri can help you!!! #PO'd
Here are my top 5 (no order):\Notre Dame\Ohio State\Oklahoma State\Texas A&M\UCLA
Here come the tornado truthers. That didn't take long....
Here for Michael's birthday party with Treva Maddie  Hannah (@ Science Museum Oklahoma)
Here relaxing watching tv playing with my granddaughter & spending time with family (@ Home)
Here's a pic I took of the EF4 flying over my parents house today.
Here's my take on Norman Tebbit's bizarre anti-#EqualMarriage outburst
Heritage Minister James Moore calls for Sen. Mike Duffy to resign. #cdnpoli
Hey  BAPTIST CHURCH take you INBREEDING ASSES BACK HOME. Leave our families alone at OU. U wouldn't want us to do that to u. #
Hey  or  I have a friend that has 6 bags of clothes to donate. Do you know where she should take them?
Hey  that was no interfaith service. It was a spectacular display of corporate Christian grandeur.
Hey  we could both be Flat Stanley!   I want small boobs
Hey Gare Bear. I think we got an ostrich.
Hey I'm here trying to drop off stuff but no one's here to let me in...
Hey Leaders: Your most significant vision casting will take place at home while putting your kids to bed.
Hey can we redo graduation?? I just found out im getting a cord for earth club
Hey did they change the date of the Travis porter concert?!
Hey everybody look at my puppy brother...lmfao
Hey guys gotta be home by 9 gotta beat my wife
Hey kool ppl of Edmond lets all get together and do some fun stuff!!
Hey mom   can we go grocery shopping? wut wut wut wut
Hey skinny briches.. That there's my man!
Hey. Guys. I'm so happy. Guys.
Hey. I miss you! You know who you Are.
Heyyy you no want breakfast??
Hi  my name is Sir.
Hi Jill!  Not in Edmond but I'm a stones throw away in OKC :)
Hiding from the tornado with my dog
High tops or low top converse? #thatisthequestion
His mother doesn't like me  after how I hurt him.. It's a long story  and it keeps me up at night.
Hitting the mark to reach a greater one! My life is about trying cause if not I'm not living!
Hmm I really hope I can make it to a gas station tomorrow morning.. on that note  goodnight!
Hmm should I stay up and go to work at 1 or just fall asleep now
Holler if you're ready for some summer nights.  -Rascal Flatts
Holy crap!  on #arresteddevelopment = most exciting thing ever. The most underrated comedian ever getting what's due to her #yes
Holy moly!   ...shows intense circulations as bright reds and yellows.
Holy shit people are stupid  Instagram would make a formal announcement dumb fucks
Homeowners said all that's left is heavy machine work. Wouldn't hurt to use ppl this weekend but no more shuttles.
Honestly   it felt kinda good lol
Honestly today is going to tell who is my true friends and who isn't.
Hope I get to go to Maryland this summer
Hope you know I don't
Hope you know that when it's late at night i hold onto my pillow right & think of how you promised me forever.
Hopefully my grandma takes me tanning today. lets pray
Hopefully no one moons the pool camera this year
Hoping pacers win this one..
House training a 10 month old puppy is a lot harder than I thought it would be..
House we cleaned up front  back  and inside!
How I fall asleep twitter  Instagram  and boredom
How TF I get blocked by a fb stalker for askin him why TF he keep writing me?
How about that. First day on the new location and everyone else is late.
How about you see your way to me
How can you forget water? The simplest of things.
How could you hate Lebron.. He is so humble on the court
How good is this pic?  The Texas Tornado and Elbowz  1992.
How in the hail am I supposed to go to school?!
How long they taking it should of been done !
How many college students does it take to get a Wii to work? Obviously more than just  and I. #lmao #helpus
How many miles I know it's an '04.
How tf you gon talk Shit to Diarrhea
How to avoid infecting your friends | Norman Blog
How was he not suspended for this??  because he was just trying to get by him.....
How was i caking on the phone? Idek how you do that!
How worried my boyfriend is about me and how he texts me every chance he gets is so adorable. <3 Wish he was here with me.
How you hang wit the niggas who txt yo girl/bm or tryna chill with her when yall doin bad?
Hugely moved by Norman Tebbit using his column to propose to his son. The romantic old rascal
Hugely moved by Norman Tebbitt using his column to propose to his son. The romantic old rascal
Hugh Hefner honors sitcom icon Norman Lear at Playboy Mansion
Hugh speaks the truth! He's awesome and just wowed the crowd at  !!
I  Loveeee Aw Naw   Love Your Vocals It's Awesome!!  #BestEver
I CAME FROM A BROKE MAMA WHO DIDN'T HAVE MONEY AND MY DAD WAS IN JAIL MOST OF MY LIFE I NEVER HAD SHIT MY MAMA DIDN'T LOVE ME ...!!!
I CAN'T EVEN SLEEP IN MY OWN ROOM.
I CAN'T FIND MY CHACOS.
I CAN'T I HAVE TO BE QUIET NIGGA
I Cant Believe Somebody Stole My Phone Damn I'm sorry :(
I DID IT who was the victim?
I GOT YOU BACK LOLOLOLOL
I Gotta Tell You Somethin .
I HATE ONIONS AGH  THEY DISGUST ME
I HATE YOU CODY RAYMOND WELCH
I HATE unlimited game cards
I Haven't Met Anyone That Just Gives Me Butterflies And It Suks ! Uh sooo I don't give you butterflies?
I JUST GAVE KONNER A KISS AND HE STUCK HIS TONGUE ON MY LIPS WHAT
I JUST WANT PIZZA. #bigguuuurl
I Just Butt Dialed KaeLynn
I KNOW. THE FINALE VERSION. WOW.
I LEARNED THE CUP SONG!! #pitchperfect lol
I LOVE YOU ALL BUT I LOVE SAM THE MOST  OORAH  suck dat
I Love You Too Bestfriend  Even If I Don't Say It Often  I Truly Do Love You !
I Lowkey want oomf to get the fro back  just so I can snatch him by his hair. Lol.
I NEEDA NEW JOBBBB that makes $4000 in a week
I Needa Get My Followers Up   Seriously !
I Tweet my Mind. You'on like the Shit nigga Let the unfollowin Begin
I WAS SINGING THIS IN THE SHOWER.
I WOULD CUDDLE WITH MY HEDGEHOG BUT SHE'S TOO SPIKEY SO JA FEEL
I Wish We Never Did It   And I wish i never loved it
I actually kinda am no lie
I actually wanna get up just to do my nails? Lol
I admit to my farts and always will
I agree I like working out in the A M but don't have the time now!!!! Enjoy
I agree!  Can't even sleep... Devastated
I agree!  So skilled at her size.  She is a little suspect on defense  but is a scoring machine.
I agree. Someone needs to just cut him off completely.
I ain't a poser  so I don't give AF about party's or drinking
I ain't cho sister  I ain't cho fam  we ain't blood .. don't say that.
I ain't friend we Fam distance cousins lol I'm just glad you was aight I had everybody looking for ya
I ain't gone forget about ya babe
I ain't know my bro boo was holy
I ain't scared nigga  I ain't scared nigga If it's my time  it's my time!
I aint got shit too say at the moment.. bullshit tweet\(_)/
I already have it picked out.. I just got a little more budget then i expected! haaaay
I already have my place on the couch....Lmbo but I'm cold....
I already miss yaw we need to hang like real talk
I also need to get a mirror screen protector for my phone... #firstworldproblems
I always get so hungry at night.
I always see you flirting with other people on twitter..
I always think so deep this late at night. I feed off of other people's tweets.
I always try to hard
I am about to Into The Wild the hell up out of this place.
I am pretty good at that
I am ready to get work over with blaaaaaahh
I am so done with two-faced fucking cunts.
I am such a sucker for cake
I am the VOODOO CHILD FEAR THE VOODOO THAT I DO. I WILL PUT A SPELL ON U AND ALL UR KIDS WILL BE BORN NAKED.
I am the tornado you should be worried about  right.
I am unaware of why I just laughed so uncontrollably.
I am way too sensitive.
I am. Just during the day. Work has my sleep schedule all fucked up. But I'm done with that job so I'm back on track now
I ammm. Now what was your excuse?
I asked my wife n kids I wanted some for fathers day.
I assume.  It seems pretty calm at the moment  though the water is still so deep in some places it obscures the road lines.
I assumed I'd get something from Caden asking if I have been playing... So I went ahead and beat him to it
I ate really terrible food today
I beat a Prius..
I been a fan since Texas tornado and worked hard to spread your name/work around Louisiana .. U prolly don't care tho
I been getting the weirdest calls and text. Randomly
I believe Briarwood is on Santa Fe.
I bet he would be! And he can dance! #MarryMe
I bet his little face gets red and he pouts.
I bet you already changed
I bet your dick is really small.
I better be stripping in the car
I better see everyone in Tahlequah this weekend on the river!!
I brought my stuff home so I can cut this weekend lol #finally
I can NEVER sleep later than this tho  lol. Guess that happens when your up before 6 all week! Lol
I can make you laugh so fucking hard it hurts you.
I can meet you somewhere today or just bring it to your house!
I can still breathe so tbh it's penetrated go 2 bed I bet you have better things 2 do than correct an innocent aboriginal lad
I can take that 4 now if I can
I can't believe I just finished my 15th year as a teacher. Thank you students for all the memories.  Can't wait for the next 15!
I can't believe I'll be a junior...... Negative... I don't accept this... Where did kindergarten go??
I can't believe I'm graduating today.
I can't believe you Screenshoted my snapchat  #No
I can't believe you went through my phone like that. What kind of friend does that?
I can't concentrate on this test. My mind is in too many different places.
I can't do dem O`s No mo!
I can't do this today.
I can't drown my demons  they know how to swim.
I can't find my N.E.R.D cd.
I can't find nothing thick about you
I can't get over the fact that  was watching the exact same movie with his family at the exact same time I was.
I can't go cause she found out this morning.
I can't go to school tomorrow. I really can't. I refuse.
I can't pull anyone other than twitter
I can't quick scope to save my life
I can't stop looking at it!
I can't text or call but looks like tweets working.
I can't today! When are you leaving?
I can't wait any more
I can't wait to go see the purge!
I can't wait to start the season!!
I can't worry about it ..
I cannot forget the mermaids aren't real but dragons are story you time me the other day. Hahaha oh deb
I cannot tolerate people smacking their food I legitimately get pissed
I could care less about the ladies in my past...I never think about any of yal..I just need my now and present in my arms
I could tell it wasnt love
I could watch it over and over.
I dead use to think this was beer as a kid lol
I deff met my future tonight tho Aww   I Knew Nth Could Tear Us Apart !!! Lovas Forevaaa !
I definitely miss Oklahoma red dirt. The dirt up here in Kansas/Missouri is white and feels like rocks and powder. No help with pitching...
I did today some  it seemed they still had the main damage area locked down but helped ppl on the periphery clean up debris
I did! Everything went so well I couldn't be happier!
I did? I was the one warm not you.
I didn't even kno my moms boyfriend was here...
I didn't even see it but alrightyyyyy
I didn't even think you was no hoe or nothing
I didn't get blessed with adorable dimples.
I didn't have any interest in PBS Mr. Selfridge  and now I learn there'll be a second season. Good Lord.
I didn't know you only matter if you have a lot of followers on twitter. Lol  like its twitter? I don't give a fuck?Tag em
I didn't talk to him.
I do need to catch up on love nd hip hop Atlanta I haven't watched one <<<<<
I do not even give a fuck about what anyone thinks or says about me anymore.
I do not give a fuck/shit.
I do not have time for this.
I do so my muscles shine in the light
I do suppose that's true lol
I do this cooking stuff
I do what I want and can't no one tell me nothing!
I don't approve of that...
I don't care what anyone says. Your childhood best friends are some of the best friends you will ever have.
I don't dress like us.  Niggas in Oklahoma style is so wack lol I'm glad my man doesn't dress like y'all
I don't even remember lol
I don't even wanna be here anymore...
I don't even wanna talk to you anymore.
I don't fall in love with faces  I fall in love with personalities.
I don't feel like being right here now I just want to go away from myselfBut I don't know how.
I don't feel like making these ff .
I don't get people these days
I don't get why people are arguing about religious beliefs at a time like this. What does it matter? People need help and people have died.
I don't have a choice lol
I don't know about yall but I know about us and its the only way we know how to rock
I don't know she left .
I don't know that I disagree w/ your call for an end result  but limited perspective is still just that. One of poorest states
I don't know why I did it  I'm blackin ouut
I don't know why I wasn't thinking at the moment and I do realize I did wrong now I'm just trying my best to be like we use to.
I don't know why people waste their time trying to race me. Get out.
I don't lie! I seem you in action!
I don't need love when I have family and friends :)
I don't pic them I told you who she was and the other one is somewhat like GG is to you
I don't remember he popped up on this song
I don't see anyone talking bout sex on my tl?
I don't stop till I get what I want
I don't think it will. Dead in the water.
I don't think you know until someone gets a DM like that. I've been hacked a few times. And thts how I found out.
I don't wanna fuck with anybody right now.
I don't wanna fucking sit by you anyways
I don't want to get rid of my dog
I don't want to snapchat you back
I dont clean my room   how can i clean up a school that i dont like ? Haha
I dont give weird ass people the pleasure of blocking then unblocking.....me to be nosey. I simply block yo pathetic ass and let you RIP
I dont like next weeks schedule  I dont like!
I dont need no intro   cus whatever i gotta say i spit that shit straight mando .
I dont want a boyfriend. Im just curious.
I dont want to go to schoo tomorrow :(
I doubt it's that bad -__/
I dressed my 4 year old son in my daughter's size 10 shorts yesterday. Oops. In my defense they are the same length.
I drink too much coffee.
I enjoy her company. God has blessed me very much @ Cafe Evoke
I feel at home with this weather...#pisces
I feel bad for those kids..
I feel like I invested everything in you and never got it back.
I feel like I'm in an 80's space ship. #foiled @ Ghost Design
I feel like banging my head against a wall. #idiot lol
I feel like doing hair.Do mine.
I feel like falling off the face of the earth
I feel like my dad fucked with Aaron more than anyone from North hahaha
I feel like my summer is going to be terrible
I feel so pathetic because i want to talk to you all the time and i bet you never even think of me
I feel somewhat like a hero..
I feel you bro..I used to/kinda still do have a phobia of escalators and treadmills make me cringe the same way
I fell asleep driving home from school ..
I felt compelled to give this asshole a piece of my mind.
I find out something new about my phone today  lol
I forgot how much I love Con Air.
I forgot to do my wcw.. damn ill save it for next week haha
I found a brand new best friend and its me (:
I found your picture today
I fuckin hate you.. but I love you
I get all butthurt when people don't follow back on instagram.
I get mad over little shit & laugh about it a couple minutes after.
I get too hyped when I'm watching pawn stars and it's an episode I haven't seen.
I got a feeling #elude is gonna be the place to be!!!!
I got a lot respect for you cause you young and getting it. Stay blessed if ya need anything holla at me!
I got an outdoor gym up here I'm Yukon... #salisbury
I got five on it.
I got invited to a storm shelter today.... Whatever that meant.
I got pacers winning it tonight!
I got slammed pretty bad with donations today. I'm pretty #overwhelmed #screwtoday
I got the black ones
I got the spirt lose the feeling let it out somehow.
I got to see baby Leighton on Mimi's birthday!
I got woken up from my nap I totes deserve someone bringing me that stuff.
I got you Ry his ears are legit no doubt
I gotta get to joes before Nat leaves lol she's got mah charga
I gotta go watch FAST 6 ... but I have no date.
I graduate in two days...
I graduated on this same day in 1995  that same morning we watched the remains of the Murrah Federal Building be imploded #moorestrong
I grew up virtually next door to  main office- and my family also has orphanage/disenfranchised  service connections
I guess  not gunna message me back ?
I guess I don't have friends
I guess I don't make you happy anymore..
I guess I play my Xbox!
I guess I'm really the illest nigga... Nah that's my moms
I guess i'm gonna put my headphones in  lay in the dark  close my eyes and just chill.
I guess i'm not sleeping till graduation#sadtweet
I guess this is it  I am officially done with high school.
I guess yall ain hear me!!! *Kevin hart voice
I had to do it..
I had to leave that house
I had too I have to many absences
I hate a composive liar  everything u say is a lie must b living a lie
I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care..
I hate ignorant  disrespectful people. Leave this place if you're gonna be like that.
I hate it when people are rude to my sister and then try and be cool with me.. Like no
I hate myself 99.9% of the time...
I hate that about me!
I hate that my teacher sends white people to me. I he don't listen on me. Smh
I hate the home button on iPhones. After a while  they start sinking in. Ugh <<<
I hate them too! Dogs it is then! We'd have a blast! You know you are starting to love it up here!
I hate this time of year when baseball takes over sports center.
I hate to see it all hurt so bad
I hate wasting my tears over you.
I hate when people leave me out of plans until the last minute and then say babe you have an hour to get ready... like what the eff..
I hate when the only person I talk to breaks their phone  lol
I hate when vines don't upload and then I gotta upload them hours later  preach
I hateeeee being late to anything well be on time #problemsolved
I have 2 bedrooms now...one to sleep in and one to get ready in
I have 4 sides:1. My quiet side2. My goofy/fun/crazy side3. My Loving/Caring side4. My side you never want to see..
I have a fear of loosing my parents.
I have a feeling we will work together again. :) loved every minute! Cc:
I have a habbit of speeding .
I have a new job and they pay 10 dollars a hr mon thu fri
I have all day.. I'm not moving
I have been using way too many superfluous commas this week.  would die if she read my texts.
I have never seen a tornado video like the one this guy caught on his cell phone. Doesn't even look real. #mooreOK
I have no idea what you're talking about! #goKSTATE
I have not been this pissed off in such a long time.
I have nothing against you
I have so much swag I can walk inside a tornado and my snapback won't fall off
I have such a bad attitude but idgaf
I have the worst taste in music.
I have tits though? Mosquito bites* Stfu. I dont like you anymore
I have to be at work in 6 hours. Coooool.
I have to confess that is just too fucked up for me to wrap my head around - yuck! It must be difficult for her as well?
I have to go!
I haven't laughed this hard since idk when
I haven't thought about oomf in a few days then he messages me
I haven't went swimming with him in my tummy yet  I need too!
I haven't worked out In so long this is gonna be amazing!
I hear that! #Amen!
I hear ya. I still go to the library lots  and I have maybe 100 volumes I can't get rid of - but books are big & heavy & pricey
I heard Oklahoma City on CNN  but that could easily have been misreporting. Goodnight.
I heard the word prude for the first time in forever today
I heard you like the bad girls honey  is that true?
I honestly don't care if you go anymore  there's other people to give me good vibes.
I honestly don't mind staying home.
I honestly don't think anyone of you know how I'm feeling right now..
I honestly don't understand why I stay focused on her .
I honestly think Cordell is gay
I hope a tornado hits and destroys it before you get there.
I hope he does! All I need is for him to cosign for me.
I hope he knows that was about him..
I hope i can go but i still dont know
I hope it doesn't storm like this on us next week..
I hope my family is okay
I hope my money posts to my account tomorrow.
I hope the rain lasts until I get home so I can enjoy it. Most of the time I am at work and miss it.
I hope these 3 days pass by quick.. RMFTTTTTT
I just bawled. Safe Haven is such a perfect movie
I just be thinking that you don't like me or won't nothing to do with me
I just cannot wait to see Monsters University!!
I just changed my number babe...I will DM u my new one...but yeah we are ok over here...thanks for caring
I just checked in at Ft. GI JOE
I just checked in at Ft. GI JOE  Ok.
I just did a short and sweet graduation song. I'll post it later.
I just died laughing at that vine with dusty. LOLOLOLOL
I just don't wanna be the only one hahahaha
I just feel like I should warn you of the hell you'll go through if you stay
I just feel like a nobody
I just felt like chillin tonight.. Now I wish I was there though!
I just got covered.. In dog hair :0
I just got mad. Don't text me anymore.
I just have an interview at 3 then I can come get you?
I just hope paradise is treating you right!
I just kind of want to give up. I can't.
I just looked in the mirror for the first time since 7 am to find myself looking like a stray cat
I just love my roomies... Haha. Making memories
I just made the mistake of looking at myself in a mirror.#oof#Sorry
I just need a job.
I just need to get to Walmart.
I just said fuck Moore
I just saw a pink ambulance  weird
I just saw my girl  my wife  and Bo Tanner and Hunter
I just suck at texting!!! It gets old for some reason! Just take the fuckin compliment damnit!
I just told my mom id never ask for money again if she bought my ticket and if you know me you know that's like insane so
I just turned carbohydrates into something sexual....   #bread #beefstroganoff
I just voted for Norman Reedus at  Please vote too too and help a great charity!
I just wanna go night swimming in a humongous pool with all my friends right now. It feels perrrrrrfect
I just wanna sleep
I just want to be back in Oklahoma to start my summer already ??
I just want to be hoooome.
I just want to make you happy #myworld
I just want to sing
I just want you to know I'm serious
I just want you to know... I'll always care about you and be here for you and be your friend  no matter what happens.
I just wanted my dog! And I got her! Lol that's all I cared about at the moment!
I just went off on my ex. Hahaha
I just wish I could be that mature.
I just woke up  I needed sleep :)
I keep da Blunt down low  I keep my Head up High!
I keep feeling my bar from yesterday .
I keep shaking. I'm so cold
I killed that workout. (@ Matrix) [pic]:
I kinda want to be in school today..
I kno I haven't been in Oklahoma that long but u look so familiar!
I know  I just can't stop
I know I'm not the perfect woman  but I feel I have a lot of good qualities therefore I know what I DO and what I DON'T deserve!
I know I've said it alot but I couldn't imagine going thru what they are
I know Jesus has a Word for me today
I know a gay owl who?
I know enough to know wassup.
I know everybody knew the song but i don't member the dance..
I know for a fact  when i become basketball manager. I BETTER get a please & thankyou or else you will get water thrown at your face! :)
I know it's not like they have parents or curfews... Sooo game on
I know my lifes not right with God at the moment but some of yall better be praying and not just saying all of that just bc everyone else is
I know school just ended but... I'm ready for next year!
I know that  but I still wanted to visit the other.
I know that's why I said you mad bro!
I know there's sunshine behind that rain  I know there's good times behind that pain.
I know we go from whack ass weather  to 70 degrees to hott as Hell
I know we gotta go sometime!
I know! I had to watch something other than the news. So Reggie Watts blew my mind
I know! They are my favorite  but I us all just turn off the sound. They aren't as funny cause I'm not there;)
I know. Family reunion. Ill be working all weekend.
I laughed when he said his name was Fabreez LOL. So I told him my name was Windex.
I leave for Cozumel in three days
I left my southmoore Id at the hotel
I like all colors  just not messican  Do yall start to like white boys after niggas broke ya hearts or liked em growing
I like how  just disappeared on me!
I like it Freaky  take a picture while you catch it on ya Lip!!!!
I like it when my boyfriend tweet .
I like kendricks verse. Schoolboys  Abs & jay rocks.. Like that song is great overall.
I like peanut butter.. On my waffles. #DoubleYUM
I like the way liquid foundation looks  but it's messy to me.
I like to deal with issues not sweep them under the rug cuz there still there in the morning. On point bro!! Wise words
I like to think I'm funny sometimes.
I like turtles because they're so chill. They're just like  Hey man  I want to swim  and maybe eat some lettuce.
I like you.. you know your special to me but how could you say that?
I linked up with my cousin from day 1. We chopped it up about old times and had a few cold shots. Can't hand me a better night. Carry on.
I look like Aaron carter
I look like a lioness  I look like a grizzly bear today
I look really thick today
I lost a follower? Dang.
I love Mary J.Blige I don't care if she never retire.
I love being on good terms w her
I love days like this. Mixed with country tine lemonade. Can't get any better.
I love going to friends' houses because they have REAL snack food. Like little Debbie snacks and chocolate milk  I have water and bread
I love guys with K-9 teeth!
I love having a sister that does hair and gets discounts
I love how my mom always calls Cashion Cashing lol
I love it and it works!!!
I love making this face ->>
I love my family so much. Like foreal. They are all too down.
I love my fav so much lol
I love my jobs:) bout to love my next one in about a week:)))
I love my life and the people in it...well not all u mothafuckas
I love naps like it real
I love piggies so much   I see that  has been on Pinterest.. #obsessedwithpiggies
I love seeing old happy couple together.
I love the  app! Why am I just now downloading it?!! #missingoutonlife
I love the few friends I have  but I don't tell them all my business.
I love them girls that's in my header they are my world
I love this one...had to share...#realtalk #truth #truthdom #sotrue #wisdom #wordstoliveby
I love watching cake boss! #judgemeI will
I love when  texts me
I love you all! <3
I love you baby!!!
I love you too!:) miss you! Can't wait too see you! I graduate tomorrow :/
I love you too:)
I low key want to go to White Water when they get done with that new slide...
I m not movin in today cuz of da raon :O butbi still have to run to e doube to get my keey
I made a few crazies mad yesterday. Gun control is as absurd to me as tornado control is to you. That was the point. Sorry but not sorry.
I made as much money Saturday than y'all niggas make in 2 weeks  no fucking lie! Just sad
I made my way from the bottom  and I'm grindingggg
I may be wrong trying to handle with altercation  but how can I live my life if I ran from this situation?
I may say I absolutely hate it here  but honestly I don't think I could move away from here even if I wanted too. I'd miss it way too mmuch.
I mean yeah. It's just our future.. No biggy.
I meant a girl!
I meant to go to graduation...
I messed it up. Deletes tweet
I messed up. It's all my fault.
I met a bloke from Oklahoma this morning.\In my back garden
I met a bloke from Oklahoma this morning.\\In my garden.
I met a guy from Oklahoma today... In my garden
I might not come but idk yet.
I miss  a whole bunch.
I miss  so much!!! And I miss Grayson!!
I miss his sexy ass voice
I miss my baby brother
I miss my best friend..
I miss my lil girl  aw i miss u 2
I miss my pussy cat so much
I miss my tinkah butt
I miss sharing the penthouse with
I miss when I was active all the time.
I miss you baby gurl.
I miss you bro come back to Mee.
I miss you too! I really hope I can go see you with Nat!
I miss you way more
I miss you. Like way too much. #LEGOS
I missed my Cali so much. When she got home we had a tea party  painted her toe nails and now we're cuddling. Perfect way to end the day <3
I missed some of my friends this morning ;)) huhh huh
I need Starbucks in my life.
I need a boyfriend No  u WANT a boyfriend. u NEED water  cause u sound thirsty .
I need a cold tub ASAP!!!
I need a date to go see fast an furious 6 tomorrow  any takers ?
I need a drink. (@ Deep Deuce Grill)
I need a freak that can throw it back while I'm hitting from the back.
I need a life. No  I literally need a life in candy crush. #addicted #cantbeatlevel
I need a nap first lol
I need another contoler to go to my Ps3
I need gas money please
I need more people to snapchat...
I need my room back Hayley has an extra bed.
I need new people to text #NoFriends
I need new people to text .
I need quality time with  asappppppp
I need the Drivers Ed book so I can go take this test Saturday morning!
I need to be there
I need to cherish these last 15 minutes in  class
I need to favorite this several more times!
I need to find me a job so I can slave and get my small saving back #at0
I need to get my hair done.
I need to go and pick up my last check
I need to go beat someone.
I need to go shopping.
I need to just stay out of people's lives.
I need to know if my cousin is ok
I need to run or something.. #fatgirlproblems
I need to start planning my 17th birthday party   its far from now but I want it to be big & perfect o:
I need you  like a needle needs a vain  like my uncle joe in Oklahoma needs rain.
I never hold my tongue with oomf. No matter what it is I say it.
I never ig you!
I never let a girl tell me shit.. Until Lindsey.
I never lived in Birmingham tho  Just mobile  the place I love
I never sleep  cause sleep is the cousin of death.
I never thought I'd be back in the Laura Steve part of my life.
I never thought it would turn out to be like this.
I no man. Your gettig old.
I only call  fatty because she about 399 pounds lighter than me and he has a thigh gap.
I only downloaded it cuz he was cute and the color in the background looked pretty.
I only get on twitter when bad stuff happens..
I only have 2 1/2 days left bc of DR appts. I can do this.
I only like Trinidad James because he has a dope ass style.
I own a big truck.
I pop a purp.. Turn on my own switch
I probably can't actually pronounce that word out loud to be honest. But it's still fun to type.
I probably got a 5 out of 20 then LOL
I promise everything will be okay if you do...
I put my lip ring back in. #hurtlikeabitch
I read the cutest fucking book today....all in one day  beats watching a movie
I really Dislike the Heat
I really MARVELed at comicon  to bad it wasn't in DC. Hahaha Hopefully my IMAGE isn't ruined with all these comic book company puns.
I really can't wait for school to be over with..
I really didn't take any. I have 2 of the car...it has a lot of insulation from houses on it. The parking lot was FULL of it xD
I really dislike what this day has become.
I really don't mind that Pelican Bay bumps JakeFM!
I really hope you're joking.. If not I'm probably gonna get raped! Lmao
I really just don't know why I even try.
I really just want a starbucks frapp.
I really need this 3 day weekend I'm about to have.
I really need to stop staying up till early hours in the morning.
I really respect you for that! Apology accepted & I'm sorry too.
I really wanna go to a haunted hospital or hotel.. so who wants to go with me  OMG lets go!
I really want nachos right now.
I really want some skittles
I really wanted you but it looks like you want someone else.
I really will I have bruises!!!
I really wish she would text me
I refuse to feel the way I had been feeling any longer.
I remember when I hated Cool Greens.... What was I thinking?
I said I would never hit her but she skating on thin ice.
I said to remove my account I was being so serious .
I salute KD!!May god bless !
I saw it at 7am yday  too much forcing  reminded me a bit of HIGH RISK June day in 2008
I saw the damage.. It was bad!
I say rock on to the ihop date!
I say stupid things just so I can laugh at the persons reaction....
I see a twitter fight on my TL between some drama
I see you swagged out in yo avi lol
I see you throwin up hood
I seem you sometimes at first lunch lol but we've never talked or anything so that kinda makes sense haha.
I seen  &  posted at the 7 shop earlier.
I sent u that email bo
I seriously <3  so much already. Definitely best guy friend I have in Florida.
I seriously don't want to go to school...
I seriously hate that I made you mad
I seriously love how I met your mother.
I seriously want to be Jeremy Wade! #rivermonsters
I should be in a prison or mental hospital for half the things that run through my mind.
I should have gotten McDonalds like I originally planned. It sounds tasty right now.
I should of told her at the beginning we jus texting we ain't talking.. She done fell in love off text messages
I should probably fold this laundry..
I should probably make a confession I was already following you then you fill my TL with random baby pictures! But I've
I show love that women
I showed a lot of muscle when I was rockin u cuz u my babygirl and Im ur boo so when u see me tell me what it do cuz u knw deep dwn I love u
I sleep surprisingly well in this weather
I stay Strapped  kuz i always keepa Package on me.
I still can't believe Jared put on my sports bra yesterday.
I still can't believe my baby girl is going to kindergarten next year.
I still can't believe what happened Friday night
I still dont see why tho ? If you still have something going on with her tell me so I can leave you alone   that simple .
I still have my hair wrapped & in my pj's.
I still have to take  out for her birthday ^ ^
I still haven't listened to it. I'm debating on waiting or not lol. I preordered it so Idk what I want to do lol
I still really want that pickle man.
I still should've went. Damn
I suggest blowing it up...#technologyhatesme
I swear I have sleeping probz
I swear I just saw a wombat in Oklahoma
I swear I'm gonna be the only person walking around school tomorrow #wah
I swear my cat only wants to come in my room when I don't want him in there. When I want him to come cuddle he just runs away!
I swear to God I ain't nervous
I take Adderall bc I can't sleep  and I can't sleep bc I take Adderrall... Son of a bitch.
I talk to no one. *Shrugs. #SingleLife.
I text everyone back at least once. I just don't be trying to have conversations with 90% of the people who text me. Most just need somethin
I texted you  and no reply
I think  son stole my vibrator when they was here last
I think Collin fell asleep
I think I could handle him
I think I give too much to people nowadays  maybe I should stop to give a fuck. But I can't no matter how hard I try.
I think I watch #NeverBackDown too much!
I think I'm bout to have a attitude #Fuhreal
I think I'm changing my lock and home screen...  's face is quite scary...
I think I'm going to miss some of the students that tweet me on my other account asking for donuts and Big Gulps.
I think I'm over working  you  don't have to clean its okay take a little break I hate you
I think a couple #omf and myself need to go get some grub
I think every restaurant in oklahoma has those too. But I could be wrong??
I think if #Mermaids are ever discovered  it will be by someone they can sense won't hurt them.
I think ima keep it brown. I like it better.
I think nit picking and superfluous language enrages me more than Seinfield. #AdultsObsessOverChildishThings
I think no such thing coley!
I think our storm is a left over from Oklahoma.
I think thats what ima do..
I think the meeting thing today was suppose to be closure... It didnt really work..
I think this is a solid business plan with real promise. I know several chefs who may want to invest.
I think we have religious leaders we subscribe to for a reason. I wouldn't say unchurched - but ppl
I think y'all both got it wrong she my girl she like white meat
I think you need to get that checked out
I think you should be nice to me lol
I think you think I'm kidding but I'm really not at all.
I thought a ratchet was what we used as a tool to fix broken things  silly girls must've confused it. They must've ment rate 10
I thought they were leggings. So I was like ew.
I thought you were employed.....haha!
I threw my tissues in the air when I said that and my dad stared at me
I told him if he had my phone he would think I was insane bc of how much I talk about him and Miami! Lol annnnnd JJ!
I told my mom to take me to the hookah bar for my 18th birthday.
I told you we can't win with all these damn turnovers ....
I took such a long nap.. lol
I totally believe this. I love this!!
I understand bro but its the summer. Whatever happens... happens..! feel me bro
I use smokin alone as my thinkin and plottin on money time but i do tht almost all day erry day moral of the story i be high
I use the bathtub to relax. Therefor I have my phone with me
I used to be jealous then I realized how ridiculous that was...
I wake up every morning lookin for commas #weoutchea
I wanna be a Porn Star
I wanna get laid
I wanna go back to sleep.
I wanna go far far away and never want to turn around
I wanna go fishing
I wanna go high swimming with #oomf
I wanna have a good weekend :( too bad it's only my Thursday f m l
I wanna hold ya tight!
I wanna know what the future holds for me
I wanna know where Jose is getting all these quotes from? What website.. Shit :/ they're not quotes -__-
I wanna meet Tyler the creator.. that crazy mf!! Lmao
I wanna meet a girl that's better than me at COD. And then marry her.
I wanna post a handful of more prom pictures
I wanna see a movie today
I wanna spin around on that dick Well come ride then
I wanna tell the world about you just so they can get jealous
I wanna thank my bestfriend  for the card ballons and candy     and thanks for my poster board
I wanna turn a straight guy.#IsThatWeird
I want a FAT Steak burrito from Chipotle Grill !!!!!!!
I want a boo. don't want to be single this summer. but I will find on.
I want a cup of liquor. ..did you not listen this morning Just say NO
I want a good  honest relationship.. But nobody's good enough  honest  or wants a relationship!
I want all of you. Forever. Just you and me  everyday. <3
I want someone in my bio.
I want somewhere pretty to run!!!!!
I want that CD but just to listen to
I want to be in the Navy
I want to be your one and only
I want to buy some shoes and some shorts.
I want to do night lanterns with
I want to do something today ..
I want to go to bolley ..
I want to mow my lawn...
I want to tweet the lyrics to Hey Girl but he says girl every other word
I want to watch the Billboard music awards...... Not the news!
I was  but all seems normal again.
I was better 15 mins ago. How about you?
I was born in a drought hope I die in your mouth
I was going to May 31st- June 9th but I have a tournament in Oklahoma so probably not until August!
I was going to be sarcastic or something but I got nothing lol yes though.
I was just telling that story to folks last week. Change the channel  take remote. Mission accomplished
I was kidding about my response to your tweet but it seems like me tweeting you on here annoys you so I'm sorry.
I was kinda mean  but I am a changed woman since Oklahoma ! Lol
I was like dad I'm hungry   he was like fix some pizza rolls I'm like okay  as he whips out some pork chops & ribs .
I was like nelll im sleepy & he woke up hugging me (:
I was sitting at the Sprint charging station at Southgate Baptist Church and found this fortune...
I was so mad at Chalmers before that....
I was so turnt up yesterday that i was sleep by 11
I watched 9 people get dropped lasynight ... all 9 were by LB & CASEY lol
I went to go see Preshy & Jasmine at work.
I will Never Buy Shoes that been On anotha Nigga Feet!
I will be a widow before I get divorces.... We better work out our differences or your ass will be in a lake:) #TotallyJoking ;) kinda
I will be in Tulsa  dang
I will come and pay for a plate. My mama never cooks and I can't cook. I suck.
I will freaking sleep in the car before going to his house
I will gain weight in Oklahoma.
I will literally have zero motivation to anything school related for the next three months...
I will never forget what I saw yesterday in moore and I will never try to replay it either. Locked in memory bank to never be opened again??
I will never understand how the female mind works..
I will not be someone's half-time  sometimes  down times  or spare-time. So please don't waste my time
I will this summer !
I will try my hardest not to talk to her.
I will wait  I will wait for you.
I wish  would call me
I wish I could go back to sleep .
I wish I could have taken credit for breaking the billboard.
I wish I could take everything back that I did.
I wish I could watch on TV  but Sports Animal rocks
I wish I didn't still think you were adorable.
I wish I had apogee people who worked at my house so they could fix the internet when it went out. #notobuproblems
I wish I had some boudin
I wish I wad Kool enough to be your friend lol why you gotta be good enough ?
I wish I was cool enough to have girls popping up at my door with food. TUH...
I wish I was mean though.
I wish Oklahoma was closer to Kansas & farther away from Texas...
I wish but I'm moving to San Diego
I wish i could spend everyday with you.
I wish it could just be tomorrow already #Arizona
I wish it was acceptable to drink water like a dog
I wish my phone never ran out of battery and my fridge never ran out of food.
I wish they had an emoji where the girl is shrugging  and throwing up her arms
I wished yall would turn Ellen on channel 222 no point showing the same thing on 2 different channel
I wished yall would turn Ellen on channel 222 no point showing the same thing on 2 different channel .
I wnna take the time out & thank the pacers for the win.... Appreciate it
I woke up this morning feeling so guilty that I slept in my bed  went to dinner last night and I have my house. Strange feeling!
I won't see Katie again.
I wonder how Carrie Underwood feels about her song blown away after that tornado
I wonder how much Chris bosh paid that girl to be his fake wife tho...
I wonder if theirs practice today yup at 2
I wonder what happend.People be lying to much. Smfh I know
I wonder what people be thinking bout ya house when they come and install yo cable lol
I wonder where they are now?
I wore this in high school. It's double knit. No  I wasn't fashionable. Can't wear it today  it's a memento
I worry too much about others' opinions of me.
I would fight kimbo slice on my chief keef shit.
I would have bet the farm  give my right arm so that you'd always be mine.
I would have every single car if I could.
I would kill another human being if The Killers would come to Wichita or OKC. That'd be the tits.
I would like to know more. Where can I find documentation?
I would love for someone to make me a Blake shelton or Justin Moore cd
I would love to have my own gym nobody cares
I would make a joke out of that but never mind
I would marry Blake Shelton but he's taken so Luke you're up now?
I would sit in the chair that's broke... LOL
I would totally be the ice cream man for Blanchard if I could...
I would walk 500 miles and I would walk 500 more  just to be the man who walked 1 000 miles to fall down at your door.
I wouldn't have it any other way!!
I'd forgive him  of course. But only if it was Norman. ;) :)
I'd like to go to a couple running trails this summer.
I'd like to see churches do the hard work of having conversations on ethnicity  homophobia  transphobia  misogyny  & Christian privilege.
I'd love to see that.
I'd minister for free if I did not have the loan debt. Tent making is viable but not for everyone.
I'll Never Regret Being Loyal Even If It Was With The Wrong One
I'll snapchat her  fb her  & tweet her... But I won't text her!
I'm 39 and holding. Getting older by the day. I don't know how old I'll be after tomorrow since I stopped counting at 39.
I'm In love with the song sunset by
I'm Still Tryna Get More Info   I Hope So !
I'm Trynna sleep but I'm not tired.
I'm a lazy texter. I read a text and I forget to even reply. If I text you 24/7 then you must be freaking special
I'm a poet and I didn't know it! no ur not stfu
I'm a pro at starting fires...
I'm about to be looking like this (o)(o)(o)(o)
I'm about to divvveee in.
I'm about to go to sleep.
I'm about to leave the house for a little...
I'm already here my dude
I'm an okie at heart #moore
I'm at   Norman Campus (Norman  OK)
I'm at  (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at  Bricktown 16 for Fast & Furious 6 (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at  Bricktown 16 for Fast & Furious 6 (Oklahoma City  OK) w/ 4 others
I'm at Abel's Mexican Restaurant (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Academy Sports & Outdoors (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at B And B Windsor Movie Theaters for Epic in 3D (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Barnes & Noble -  (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Bob's Pig Shop (Pauls Valley  OK) [pic]:
I'm at Bunny's Onion Burgers (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Chesapeake Fitness Center (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Chickasaw Bricktown Ballpark -  (Oklahoma City  OK) w/ 3 others
I'm at Cinemark Tinseltown USA -  for Star Trek Into Darkness 3D (Oklahoma City  OK) w/ 2 others
I'm at Courtyard Oklahoma City Northwest (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Gold's Gym Express (Del City  OK)
I'm at Harn Homestead (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Hastings -  (Yukon  OK)
I'm at Holiday Inn (Norman  OK)
I'm at Iguana Mexican Grill -  (Oklahoma City  OK) w/ 3 others
I'm at Mahogany Prime Steakhouse (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Nails 2k (Midwest City  OK)
I'm at National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum -  (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Oak Tree Country Club (Edmond  OK)
I'm at Red Rock Canyon Grill (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Rose Union Elementary (Edmond  OK)
I'm at SkyDance Bridge (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Starbucks (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at TA Travel Center (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at Target (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at The Sno Shack (Edmond  OK)
I'm at Transformation Fitness Center (Edmond  OK)
I'm at Will Rogers World Airport (OKC) -  (Oklahoma City  OK) w/ 6 others
I'm at Woodbridge Restaurant (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm at fancy girl boutique (Oklahoma City  OK)
I'm being so childish right now. Lmao
I'm bout to fucking cry if nobody call me back about my son!!!!!!!
I'm cracking up reading  on my tl right now
I'm currently in the worst place in the USA. Stillwater  Oklahoma.
I'm definitely going to be going up to Redcross tomorrow
I'm determined to have a good night
I'm done with these mf and drake. Lol
I'm eating so I won't drink..& I'm not even hungry.
I'm finna get my Skulls out. Need music.
I'm getting C4 for preworkout   NO3 for vascularity you can stack it from C4  and 100% gold whey protein
I'm getting drugged test what ? your eff
I'm glad I don't feel like I'm gunna die when Martin is driving....
I'm glad I had the opportunity to go to church this morning. I don't normally get a Sunday morning off.
I'm glad my sister and nephew are okay
I'm goin' down down baby  yo street in a Range Rover. Street sweeper baby  cocked ready to let it go.
I'm going at like 230 and then later tonight after 6
I'm going crazy crazy just thinking about you baaaaby .
I'm going to go to sleep before I start saying unnecessary emotional stuff like usual and like everyone else this time of night. Lol.
I'm going to refuse to listen to your excuses.
I'm gon kiss your other set of lips
I'm gonna tell you something you probably don't know about me Joe Rogan... I smoke rocks. @ El Reno  OK
I'm good for right now.
I'm good. Caught a cold from my little girl. Need to go to the doc tomarrow
I'm good... I haven't heard from Austin...
I'm happy Ariana back tho.
I'm happy we live in California. I couldn't imagine living next to a volcano  in Tornado Alley  a hurricane destined area  major tsunami/EQ.
I'm happy&I'm not sorry.
I'm having friend withdraws. I feel like I haven't seen anyone in so long.
I'm humbled by the amount of congratulations cards I've received in the mail about #AU40! Some from complete strangers  too! #thankyou
I'm hungry *cough* *cough* Holly make me something...! Please
I'm hungry but idk what to eat
I'm hungry! I want some mc donalds!
I'm in Oklahoma ill be here for a couple months then I'm headed to Cali :(
I'm in Oklahoma with Ryan right now on a job but when I come back to Texas this summer we definitely will!
I'm in love with Mexican food
I'm in such a shitty mood all the time lately
I'm in these Oklahoma streets busy lol be on in a coupe of hours
I'm just a different person when I'm sick.
I'm just about to watch this show about mermaids because they're real. Huh!
I'm just gonna keep a smile on my face n move on
I'm just ready for school to be over and focus on my fitness  I've been loving all the free time for fitness!!
I'm just saying  don't trust her and you're forever in good condition.
I'm just saying you can do better..
I'm just so grateful that Will Smith has so much time to share relationship advice and teen swag with us. #blessed
I'm just that 1 in 5 of black men that can swim. So I take advantage!! Lol
I'm laughing so hard right now xDD
I'm left alone with a tall mug filled with corona #lonelyprobs
I'm legally obligated to tell all sex offenders that I'm their neighbor.
I'm living with my grandma during college. I can't move away from her.
I'm losing person after person. Can this stop..
I'm loving  header and avi . > thank you (: #GBG
I'm loving this seat yo
I'm missing my singing buddy Jbaby
I'm moving to OKC. I love it here #okc #sundayfunday
I'm new to black women but quick to notice that most the things you hear about a yellA are true
I'm not a baby in this picture. But I am a QT
I'm not about to fuck around this summer I'm about to say fuck everybody an just get paid . Not trying to end up in jail.
I'm not asking you to look  I'm asking you to take notice
I'm not cocky I'm confident  so when you tell me I'm the best it's a compliment
I'm not even gonna bother with my appearance this week..
I'm not going to be getting much sleep tonight with my mom not home so I need to be doing something besides refreshing my TL every 2 seconds
I'm not good enough tho..
I'm not her twubby any more!
I'm not living life if your not by my side
I'm not ok as in right now  I may seem like it but I'm not at all.
I'm not ready for this final..
I'm not saying its not a flagrant I'm saying he flopped and acted...
I'm not saying she ah gold digger  but she ain't messin w. no broke negro.
I'm not saying she's a slut...I'm just saying it would be a lot safer to lick the floors at McDonald's than her.
I'm not tired at all
I'm nothing but nice to that little shit.
I'm obsessed. It's a bad problem.
I'm off the next 6 days  I'm tight
I'm ok with it. So do we like switch last names or..?
I'm on the south side :)
I'm on this laundry mission
I'm playing with Quanna  yall don't take me serious
I'm pretty sure  made my weekend like 5009678645787 times better. #thanks
I'm pretty sure I want to get married  just so I have a permanent designated driver.
I'm pretty sure some people are getting the wrong idea   #ohwhale What happens in SC  stays in SC.
I'm probably annoying af but I don't give af
I'm probably not gonna delete it. Lol.
I'm ready to go layout.
I'm really not mean at all? I stick up for ppl. That doesn't make me nice I know  but like yeah?
I'm really sleepy.  And thirsty.
I'm really trying to find someone to smoke with. HMU
I'm scared to touch her. I can't do it faggot. Do it.
I'm sick of being home sick
I'm singing to twitter today (**)
I'm single but I'm not gon hoe around
I'm slowly on my way to 10K
I'm so bored you should be having fun cause you're texting me. Whatever. Wow. k. Bye. Ratchet.
I'm so depressed I'm not gonna be at cheer camp next week. But you bet I'll be up there the last day to watch my girlies
I'm so done with you.
I'm so glad I don't have emotions
I'm so glad I got out of that town before I was stuck there forever
I'm so glad you and zack are dating! You guys are THE CUTEST COUPLE!!
I'm so high .. Fuck nigga I'm so high .. If the bitch with me she eating good tonight and you so broke you lookin at us with this ice
I'm so important I have a bridge named after me
I'm so in love with you  idk what to do this time.
I'm so lazy it's clearly becoming a problem
I'm so proud of this team! Down 5-0 and won in extras! #wvubaseball 6 Oklahoma State 5
I'm so proud to be apart of this group of guys! My coworkers really stepped up  and kick ass! We
I'm so ready to practice!!!!!!! #softball
I'm so tired I can't sleep  well said Kurt Cobain....
I'm so tired of being hurt
I'm sorry  but at first I was like youth ass? What the... oh  nevermind. :-)
I'm sorry babe I love you though remember that!
I'm sorry for calling you it   Gil.
I'm sorry for making a fool out of myself. again. That's part of summer.
I'm sorry for your loss... It's okay..  Hahaha
I'm sorry yall... I'll try to find a clue.
I'm spending the last few days constructing the most on point summer playlist ever created
I'm spending the night silly
I'm still get 12 I ain't trippin
I'm storming your castle on my steed  m'lady.
I'm straight  but I'm seeing crooked
I'm strapped up nigga   fck a gun law . Oooo I'm putting you in the snap box
I'm stupid. Like this shouldn't bother me.
I'm such a wimpy pregnant girl
I'm sure the people in group two are looking at those fourteen lights in a very suspicious way. For them the situation isn't 50/50.
I'm thankful for not having big ass pimples .
I'm the retard that has to study
I'm the shit lolU almost up ther wit me then lol I believe I'm pass you Lmao
I'm thinking a sling shot and a paintball gun just incase these jr's get tough. #fairwarning
I'm tired of this bullshit
I'm too legit to quit
I'm too nice to people...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm too stressed to have a good summer
I'm trippin' balls right now.
I'm trying to get in traffic today
I'm used to walking this road alone.
I'm very easily annoyed  and when I'm annoyed I can get pissed off pretty quick.. You sir have managed to do both! Congrats! Wanna cookie?
I'm waiting for SOMEONE to snap.
I'm white. Haha actually I take that back she's not even close to being half because my grandma is only like 75% so
I'm willing to pay more in taxes to never have another child at school with no safe shelter during a tornado.
I'm working this makes my life even worse I'm slightly depressed...
I's not always rainbows and butterflies Its compromise that moves us along
I've always wanted to go tornado hunting who's with me? ????
I've been back in this apartment for 5 minutes and I am TICKED OFF.
I've been eating since I got home haha #dontevencare
I've been forgetting its summer. I thought we had school tomorrow.
I've been here all day..
I've been out since the 8th..
I've been so caught up in my own heartbreak to stop and tell you that you and your family are in our prayers.
I've checked to see if you're following me like 4 times
I've forgotten what it feels like.
I've got a dope sense of humor brah.That movie doe.
I've got some issues that nobody can see & all of these emotions pouring out for me I bring them to the light for you
I've looked like  all week. Smh.. I'm getting lazy.
I've never ate Panda Express #eufaulaprobz
I've never had a problem with acne.. I'm now 20 and I keep breaking out! Tf?!
I've rarely felt so famous as when the kids at #funandfit saw me for the first time for a month or since last summer. #celebriteacher
I've recognized your number. It's burned into my mind.
I've seen it! & was there while they recorded lmao *flips hair*  They was at the black light dance? Did you not go?
I've seen more dog vomit in the past two days than I'd care too.
I've seen too many niggas lettin females juss beat on em  if I ever get into a situation like that  y'all gone have to try really hard to me
I've waited forever for this moment I was just so nervous to ask cause...you know...you're perf babe.
I-35 is basically a parking lot #traffic
I. Hate. Cesar. @ me stupid
IDK WHY THE FUCK EVERYONE'S EXCITED FOR THE LAST MONDAY. it's STILL a school Monday  and Modays SUCK PERIOD.
IF YOU LOVED ME.
IM SO READY FOR THIS!
INTRO SOME GOOD HEADSET THAT CAN BUY FROM CHALLENGER AND HARVEY NORMAN
IT SPECIALIST (NETWORK\\CUSTSPT) - (Tinker AFB  Oklahoma): Department: Tinker Air Force Base Agency: Air Force ...
Idgaf how I look today at work.
Idk if I have a booty or not. I guess it depends on your definition of a booty Aneece.. Some would say I do.. Some would say I don't.
Idk if I wanna make cupcakes or chocolate chip muffins... Cupcakes!
Idk man. I'm in Moore. I know they need everything.
If AnyBody Buyin Me Donuts You're A Keeper .
If I Tell Her This ......
If I don't fall asleep
If I dot got a cup then I'm probably getting blowed..
If I get caught in it like I normally do 9/10 times while I'm driving... Ugh! everytime
If I lose you how would I survive ?
If I told ya I would have to kill ya
If a tornado comes through tonight. Just pick me up and drop me off in Cali #iwontevenbemad
If a tornado touch down in Dallas I'm spurrin off on that hoe nigga #NoFucksGiven
If anyone sees Chris today  give him a compliment on his hair and headband. It'll make his day. He loves it.
If critter gets too turnt a woman will rip his shirt off to expose his muscles. K-tut Hush  you wanna be he one to expose!!
If crying would fix my problems my shirt would be soaked.
If every psychopath were portrayed like Norman Bates or Patrick Bateman  don't ask whether I'd like to date one.
If frozen you must let thaw
If he asked I'd be his.. -les mis
If it was Oldham rather than Oklahoma  it would be a bull terrier and would gnaw her hand off  you know
If it wasn't for the free food  free wifi  my bed  and tinley I'd probably never be home.
If its 2 in the morning and you're feeling lonely and wondering what I'm doing  go ahead and call me call me call me.
If its not one thing it's another.
If jake & I don't go camping this weekend I'm gonna be extremely upset.
If my baby mama cheating  I hope God with her.
If my plans change one more time.
If my twitter doesn't stop consistently having one persons tweets every 2 minutes  I'm going to freak out. #tf #stop
If not for crazy hot OKC shooting last year  Spurs probably make Fials then  too. They don't beat themselves.
If our love's insanity  why are you my clarity?
If she ya girl you better talk to her every night and tell her you love her or else another nigga will!!!
If shes bored just point her towards the door
If some of y'all would rather go bowling & watch a movie then volunteering tohelp out tomorrow you're clearly selfish & you have no heart
If someone really loves you   they wouldn't let you slip no matter how hard the situation is
If the Secret Service thinks they have charges on me I suggest you file them or shut the fuck up with the intimidation rumors
If there was QT in Edmond I would be there most of my time
If u meet my Fam....then it's REAL
If we get married I wonder how that would work out
If y'all would stop doing stupid illegal shit then you'd have no problems from snitches (common sense)
If yo bitch outta control you better put that hoe on a leash
If you are a part of  contact your C-Group leader ASAP so we can get an assessment of how to serve you.
If you are looking to DONATE  bring canned fruit  juice pouches  crackers  bagged chips  & Plastic bags to JOURNEY CHURCH! #please&thankyou
If you can't joke around with me  you definitely gotta go #sorrynotsorry
If you choose to stay in a shitty situation then you deal with your fucking decision
If you don't believe...you should .... God bless the Oklahoma Sky
If you don't crud your pants  you shouldn't be mad about diarrhea.
If you don't shut up your gonna get an ass whoopin!
If you feel like spending quality time w/  Just come on down to #clubcandy ..... I'm in #vip
If you hate your girlfriend  leave you stupid mf. Don't tell me your looking for satisfaction elsewhere. I will FREAK OUT.
If you haven't seen me naked  are we really even friends? #TSM
If you kiss my neck  I'm not responsible for what happens next.
If you love puppies or children or both  pass it on.    #Oklahoma
If you see StarTrek I suggest you go to the IMAX in Moore. It's buck.
If you think yes you are strongly mistaken
If you tweet about how much you hateeee drama  but then you cause 90% of it. GO SOMEWHERE. #thirst
If you were gonna name a snow cone after me what would it be called?
If you're in OKC come out to 29th and Walker and enjoy some live jam bands and keg beer. Donations accepted for tornado victims
If your a girl and thought that could have been towards you  it was.
Ill go get my nails done (:
Ill hit an old man if I need to.
Ill never doubt my thought again. Wow just weird to think I was right
Illegal music video locations?! Sounds like the 4 hood band dudes I know..
Im a big girl. I can do what ever the hell I want. Got a problem with it feel free to leave -----> #BYE
Im afraid to see what the end is gon look like.
Im judging you so hard right now
Im livin in the Past thinkin bout my College Life  & the girl iUse to Have when my knowledge wasn't Right!
Im not gonna lie i might miss work just to help out more tomorrow.
Im proud of you cousin even though we dont talk we still family & im proud of you
Im so inlove its hard to leave . But dont get me wrong cause ill still leave .
Im still on the road.
Im still sick  im getting Vietnamese soup  pho. (@ Lee's Sandwiches)
Im stupid for watching Criminal Minds at night #scared
Im team faithful unlike Tay .lie
Im tired of messing with this tree!! I just wana be done and go fishing
Ima Kill one of these Bitchass Oklahoma niggas !
Ima just do my nails  that always makes me happy...
Ima look like a gothic
Imagine reading a book of all the thoughts anyone has ever had of you that would be horrible
Imma go cause honestly I have no problem with saying goodbye.
Imma have to leave this place
In #codschool yes  I still fucked your bitch.
In 5 months I will 20 years old :/
In Oklahoma  it's actually illegal to take a bite out of another person's hamburger.
In a blunt rage. Why not paper rage
In addition to be being tough and kind  Oklahomans also are VERRRY skeptical of non car users. That was too funny #tornadowalk
In my distress I called to the Lord; I called out to my God. From his temple he heard my voice; my cry came to his ears. 2 Samuels 22:7
In other news   is getting us Rangers tickets for the day after my birthday because he's my BFFL.
In the mood to watch Disney films.. It's hard to decide on what movie to watch.
In trying to leave and these people trying to hold me back
Inhale the kush *cough cough* then I blow out
Is Red Dirt at the Zoo sold out?
Is it bad that I stop to take a picture before I push him away?
Is it just me or is Ron's head extra shiny today?
Is it still considered thirsty if I dm a girl??
Is it yours?  Kickback tonight... 8336 NW 106th!that's my house. Ain't no kickback there
Is that a SubTweet about me...?
Is there a tornado or not?
It Is Yours -J Holiday >>>>>>>>>>
It be shit like this that makes me mad what's the point in lying when I put the shit out there
It could also be because I was doing a really good impersonation of Nelly singing Air Force Ones last night.
It cracks me up when people tweet about their drug of choice and dont even know how to spell it
It definitely wasn't OU either.
It didn't even rain yesterday over here.
It doesn't matter how many times I watch LOL it never gets old
It doesn't matter when you pray. As long as you're praying.
It don't feel right without my sister here
It feels like I've been punched in the face.
It felt good sleeping in this morning
It is a custom in at least one store- that you have to store your backpack upon entry. The guy las night asked if I had rocks in my pack. :)
It is raining hard outside..
It is the Oklahoma baseball programs first Big 12 Tournament title since 1997.
It just got super dark and windy outside .... Are we gonna have a tornado in Nashville
It looked like a tornado was inside of the house. - Wesley Hollingsworth  #quotes
It looked like a tornado was inside of the house. - Wesley Hollingsworth: It looked like a tornado was insi...
It makes for many awkward moments.
It makes me physically ill to hear that there is already looting. How dare you people!
It makes me so angry when I have to repeat myself.
It must have been love  but it's over now.
It needs to stop raining and thundering plz
It seems like I can't do anything right.
It seems like it will last forever LOL
It should be illegal to go out in public looking this awful
It sucks being 100% single...my phone is pretty much always dry
It takes a lot to piss me.. but it's dangerous to get me to this point.
It would rain on the day I leave !!
It's 1 in the mornin and I'm starvin.
It's Tornado Season! Is Your Pet Ready To Face A Disaster?  #disaster #pet #petfirstaidkit
It's a hard thug life  for us. It's a hard thug life  for us. #annietripleOG
It's about time to shop for some shorts!
It's always a good day for a honey vanilla latte.
It's always too early to quit. - Norman Vincent Peale
It's been a while since I've first saw you
It's crazy to think about all the hours in my life I've spent watching that show. Not one of those hours wasted. #theoffice
It's definitely an Of Mice & Men type of day
It's down right mean actually. I took time out of my day to call you. A 2 ring straight to voicemail phone call is like a middle finger
It's funny how a melody sounds like a memory
It's hard to know what you want.
It's hard to meet good women  feel like my love is finished
It's hard to resist the urge to greet people with happy sine die. It's like Christmas.
It's hard to watch the news..
It's just four days. And then it's a couple months out.
It's just now hitting me that I graduate tomorrow...
It's like I can't get over you & the things that you do. Swear I don't want nobody but you.
It's no where near Mamaw and Toni. It already passed Stevee and Konner and they're fine. And it's south of me.
It's now super easy mac. It doesn't come with water.
It's ok for humans to eat acorns  right? What? I was curious!
It's ovbisouly me. You won't even talk to me. But it's cool
It's sad when your grandma tells you that ur cousin has a new bf.  But the rest of her friends and family didn't even know she was back. K
It's so funny watching you like nothing but pretty much naked girls pictures on instagram lolol
It's so hot in my room.
It's the perfect night just aimlessly cruising around with my windows rolled down while bumping my music  #FeelsGreat #LoveTheWeather
It's time to do it again  broham!
It's time to re-watch the first season of #Dexter #MichaelCHall
Its a record for me
Its a zebrahead kinda night
Its always fun having heavy thunderstorms!
Its easy to cease contact with u   kinda like flipping a switch
Its funny to me how people say always have a plan  but when you plan things they never work out
Its like after the past few days   we've gone to hell like we always do
Its not no duplicate Luvnique Ashay Lee
Its notthe book I'm worried about. Its the phone that in trouble now:-)
Its so sad out here
Its such a blessing to see so many people trying to meet others needs. Everywhere you look  people are doing anything they can. #humbled
Its time to let that one go officially!
J. Cole be speaking that real.
JOE JONAS IS IN MOORE OKLAHOMA. SON OF A.....
JaRod haaad to call and wake me up so early..
Jaguar coming out with some eco-friendly cars...oh baby...
Jake from Statefarm stole my boyfriend.
Jared makes me so mad sometimes.. but other times when I'm by myself and I start to think  I remember why I fell in love with him.
Jareds got me through a lot since I've known him these past three years  and it feels good being in love with your bestfriend.
Jennifers ass is so damn random!
Jessica is too cool for anyone now.
Jesus is coming back soon so this is a time we need to all get on our knees  pray  and accept him as our Savior because he is the only way
Jesus it's hot in here
Jesus loves you more than you understand.Yep..it's true!
Jim jones is irky & cant rap!
Joe Shut The Hell Up !!
Jolie gets 2 a day...I wish I was a baby
Josh Groban is my jam. End of story.
Joshua Harris is working on I Kissed Internet Dating Goodbye. It's bound to be even better than I Kissed Dating Goodbye.
Julianne Moore  Relishing Complicated Characters: In _What Maisie Knew _ Moore plays a troubled rock star who...  div
Julianne Moore Talks Plastic Surgery  Worries About Being Unhirable
Julianne Moore with husband in the west village -
June first better come fast
Junior year and sophomore year makes you realize high school goes by too fast
Jus say what u want
Just Kinda In My Feelings ToDay .
Just a drop in the ocean  a change in the weather  I was praying you and me might end up together.
Just a little tid bit; I always say hi to the animals at the zoo. Dunno why #animalpowers #friendly
Just another disappointment in my life!!
Just because she done you wrong doesn't mean be a player.
Just call me based god..
Just can't take this anymore.
Just come fall in my arms
Just drove 90 through pauls Valley with my hazards on. Bitch moveeeee. Naderrrs
Just finished studying now time to watch  .
Just found out that some of my favorite athletes/ ppl have been hitting more than the bong. Man heroin/ you will never be the same.
Just got to pet two Bernese mountain dogs owned by an extremely attractive man  so my day can't get better.
Just gotta be the one who wants to be the most loved  not the one who loves the most.
Just had a Snack Pack and aCapri Sun. Be jealous.
Just had a wedding coordinator tell my now to use the Bible as a door stop. Hmm  ok.
Just had to get back on and make that bike my bitch!! #RoadRash
Just having a morning smoke with my ma
Just hope that this doesn't mess anything up with her.
Just imagine how cute that baby would be
Just imagine if i was a guy that didn't care...#wishful
Just improved an entire song at kareokay. I only know one Macy Gray song and that was not it!  #nailedit!
Just kiddin. Only mom complements me
Just kidding Travis ain't comin.. He gonna be doin his own thing on that grid iron..
Just know my name; not my story
Just made the best iced mocha
Just me and the Norman wall cloud.
Just posted a photo @ Cotter Ranch (Chase) Tower
Just sang along to Boomer Sooner with my family at Dueling Pianos. Damn  sometimes it's good to be home. #boomer #oklahoma
Just saying. That's wasn't aimed at you.
Just seen the symbols Im going to use for me and the Legion. Dathan Witchet  Norman James  Dk Kd  Khary RedDurt...
Just seen this boy I haven't seen since I was in 1st grade. He's only a year older than me... But he's a junior. WHAT?
Just stole the mayorship of  on  Crown me!
Just thinking about the Lords crucifixion can really bring tears to your eyes.
Just waiting for the next day! Preach!
Just wanna get this stupid cast off and throw my baby again >>>
Just went through moore! So different seeing it in person! #praying
Just woke up  I'm still tired as hell
Justin Moore is one of the most underrated singers.
KD is a real Oklahoman.
KEEP CALM AND LOOK AT FANY
Kam bout to start laying down his game
Kay cool don't text back
Ke$ha is weird as freak
Ke'Roe Inc client  Marlo Moore great job!!
Keegan and I don't even know our first cousins name
Keely just asked me if biggie was dead & for the first time I questioned our friendship
Keep Westboro baptist Out of Oklahoma!: Ban westboro baptist from Oklahoma!  via
Keep going and I'll punch you in the vagina.
Keep it on the low mane!     I don't know her whole name!
Keilani Ricketts helps her own cause after striking out the side in the first  hitting a two-out RBI single to put OU up 1-0 early. #Sooners
Kennedy dont u start tht with me
Kenzi  it'll be about a day before I get to the 15k
Kid said  I didn't know you balled while referencing paintball.. Smh
Kind of sounds like blah blah blah
Kinda excited about getting a goal for my yard. Lol
Kobe pissed me off on a daily basis. #bye  rft
Kori signing yesterday with Oklahoma Wesleyan University! #signing #basketball
Kris is on drugs guyz
LET HER...LET HER WHAT?!! WHERE'S THE OBJECT OF THIS SENTENCE?!?!? GAHHHH FANYYY
LMAOOO THE BEST DRAKE PIC!!
LOL I thought that said Jake for a second
LOL autocorrect fucked me on that one
LOVE  #Braves #Legend   Evan Gattis' amazing life story
Lake day after church with some of my favorites!
Last day of school for this girl!
Last day of school thank god
Lastnight>>>>>>>>We had fun & S|O to everybody that came through. Turned my kickback into a smoke party.
LeBron to the rim. Okay hell of a call
Lead Generation with Twitter #automarketing #marketing
Leaving for Oklahoma next Monday. I know  and  are excited. Lol #?????? ??????????????????????
Lebron lose a game & y'all call him a bum tho? Talk to me in 1 week & see if he wins this series
Lebron makes a layup. Bandwagoners be like HE'S CLUTCH. No.. No my friends he isn't. He's still lechoke
Let me charge all devices before the power gots out
Let me put a little shimmer in your atmosphere.
Let me show you a few things.
Let's do this!   A good way to start the day #Oklahoma
Let's go eat cicis or sushi or froyo
Let's not get on you again
Let's play a game called lay in traffic. Hey  you're already winni- oh  you just lost.
Let's see a tornado will knock you down but a hurricane will get you wet...
Lets get married in Vegas!
Lets go I got the party information
Lets make sex a holiday ... lets celebrate all night and all day ...
Lets put the past beyond us  & go far away were nobody could find us .
Lies gets you  my life
Life Is Just a Highway To Heaven Or Hell You Choose
Life isnt something you possess. Its something you take part in  and you witness. - Louis C.K.
Life seems to take you through more downs than ups  more loses than wins.... Do you stand tall an be bold or do you fold? Do you believe?
Life throws me so many curveballs.
Life's Game is Simple... You got Players  Referee's  and Spectators. It's your Choice what category You fall victim 2!
Life's blows cannot break a person whose spirit is warmed at the fire of enthusiasm. Norman Vincent Peale
Like I just wanna see oomf today.
Like I know I'm probably being ridiculous but I'm an emotional wreck right now so I don't even care.
Like I'm 100% I got used. So uh yeah.  That's awesome.
Like that suitcase is suppose to hold my clothes for 2 weeks...
Like why can't I just see you.
Like yu said yu was in the house   y lie
Linda's little do fav know I will not come
Listen Everybody! We are ok! We are 3 blocks north of the infected area. Instead of entertainment (cont)
Listening to acid rap during this graduation tho
Listing on this conference call.
Little Big Town  - Tornado - Live on
Little bit of devil in her angel eyes.
Living in Edmond for the Summer was the best decision I've ever made! #friends #fun #weekendneverends
Living in Oklahoma is sketchy  but I've been here since I was born.
Lmao I keep thinking amie is Marvin cause that pic
Lmao that Trip is long overdue! #   That was a good ass response.. Now im moving to Oklahoma lol
Lmao the truth hurts sure does!
Lmao! PATHETIC... I knew that was going to happen!!
Lmaoo Thank You Sistaaa ! Love You (:  S/O to  saw ha looking right early this morning
Logan and I kicked buns at Catch Phrase. Jenny and Haley.. not so much. I love family time.
Logan's graduation! @ Cox Convention Center
Lol  that's a lie & a half.
Lol Darius a fool! And yeah I think they did because I know it was CNN!
Lol I ain't no blood but blood blood blood be tweeting some funny shii
Lol I was being real tho
Lol got swerved on with that tweet.
Lol he said you can't twerk with a firm booty  I can't twerk regardless homie!
Lol its ok ain't nothing wrong with supercuts. I just wouldn't go there. Lmaoooo
Lol maybe she real about it
Lol my friends always had a copy session off my homework before school at North. Good times
Lol my ni44a Tim's had a lineman stance when he was dancing
Lol my ni44a will allergies was messing up
Lol my night just brightened up.
Lol niggas shoulda let the grizzlies win  they got no chance
Lol no joke me too!
Lol no. Probably 4 or so.
Lol the little one just renamed me strawberry shortcake. Apparently she doesn't like my real name. #lovekids #funnykiddos
Lol the unattractive chicks stick together in this class like a pack of walruses
Lol this cat thinks I'm serious. IM IN OKLAHOMA BORED TO DEATH AND ITS FUN TALKING MESS
Lol you a side hoe
Lol!!! I saw E already told you after I told you! so I was like efff.
Lol. I haven't 2 stepped in 20yrs.
Lol. I love wild life. The eagles are the best.
Lolz kinda sounds like something I would do
Long night  gonna be a long day
Long three by George  hell of a shot.
Look for other post 2. If you message groups and ask for help- or focus they mostly answer. Pull together
Look how stoked this guy is to be eating a potato chip. #juryduty @ Oklahoma County Courthouse
Look where I stopped by today (@ Engineering Technology Center -
Looking at cakes and cupcakes for my baby shower made me crave them. Ugh.
Looks like I'm going to have to go out and hustle and make up this budget gap! And by hustle I don't mean illegally! Lol #entrepreneur
Looks like Oklahoma broke Ticketmaster. The entire website is down since 10:00am #okc #oklahoma #oklahomacity
Looks like fox and hound to play some pool and drink a little:) #BestNights
Looks like nobody is getting it now
Loud dipped in lean >>>>>
Love The boys round here  especially you! #thevoice
Love and prayers  Oklahoma. So incredibly devastating.
Love isn't anything to be ashamed of.
Love to hear the truth spoken so plainly.  Great message tonight. #extrav13 Appreciate the encouragement my brother
Love when softball is on tv  especially Oklahoma.
Lunch time!   deenie93  @ Dick's Sporting Goods
Lunch with my broklahomans. #truestory (@ The Garage Burgers & Beer -
Lunch with my family (at
Lunch with my lovely wife @ Cattlemen's
Lunch.  Aint been here in forever! (@ Dan's Old Time Diner)
Lying  cheating  and stealing was all we did? Look at us now
ME AND  ARE DYING HERE.
ME RIGHT NOW BC UP ALL NIGHT FEELS -Sel x
MIGUELS VOICE IS SEX TO ME.
MT  Tornado Tracks - great visualization
MY MOM NEEDS TO ANSWER OMG
Maaannn Paul George has been scrubbin' all game and is gonna hit that though??? Smh
Made a two hour drive to stay one night but that kiss on the lips made it all feel right
Mae picking flowers on the side of the interstate. #ok13 @ Shawnee  OK
Mae you nervous yet ?
Maggie should stay here... (@ Haunted 10th Floor of Skirvin Hotel)
Make your booty gain weight..
Makes my heart happy to see 15-20 electric vehicles that are (I'm sure) from all over the nation taking over 4th street in Moore.
Man I Love My Day 1 Niggggas !!!
Man I'm ready for memorial day tho
Man all i wanted to do was chill wit him but he on some other shit smh..
Man goodtimes with good people!
Man when i first met darnnell it was bonnie&clyde #offtop
Many of our benefit partners offer special assistance to members in need. Please visit our #Oklahoma webpage for info
Mariah if you see one take a picture  i have always wanted to see one. thanks.:) okay faggot
Marrying someone you've first built a friendship with lowers divorce risk. You'll also live healthier  happier & longer.BOOM
Mars red soil. Ireland grass. Purple and yellow wildflowers. I like this part. Coming up on Sooner Road. #tornadowalk
Matt Moore is not an average pitcher anymore:
May as well go down to breakfast. If they're open  that is.
Maybe I miss your body laying right next to mine!
Maybe I shouldn't have tweeted that. But then again  maybe I shouldn't have made songs.
Maybe my best *Opportunity* has been to Fight a Key Battle Against Civil Liberties Infringements that may see the Pendulum Swing Back?
Maybe one day ill be nice to  but not today.
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems. Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
Maybe something will make this day better..
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano  all I know is I love you too much to walk away though
Me       And   Finished Our Test!!  We Cold!!
Me &  might be matching? Lmao
Me and  are gonna have a cartwheel contest.
Me and Siri are about to get married
Me and my dad are switching vehicles this weekend
Me either too much drama & i dont even know these girls & ion even like him .
Me every night: I can have exactly 7 hours 23 minutes and 48 seconds of sleep if I fall asleep right now
Me had lots more fun! Especially getting elbowed!
Me in PE: Oh  there goes the ball........... Along with all the f*cks I give.
Me to broinlaw: I like those cows horn accessories. Him: umm? those are to protect their horns bc they're for practice. #soundscomplicated
Me too  Bitch I Love Mondays
Me too.. About two weeks ago.
Me: I'm over my crush. Crush: Hi. Me: Kidding.
Men... When she argues with you  no matter how annoying... It's because she cares... When she's too passive... You might have issues.
Mess with us KPOP fans  whether which fandoms we're from  YOU GET A MOSHPIT that is way tougher than your BIEAGBORs and Irectionsers.
Messages like these :P
Met 6yr old Jalen @ church today. He was wearing a bowtie & told me I have to get one too bc girls like them. Wise words taken to heart.
Mexican boys are soo fine ... well some of them atleast
Miami getting ran off the court!
Michael Jackson did creep a lot of people out. They projected their own prejudices/beliefs about what blacks are supposed to look like.
Micheal  If you're a badass black guy then my nickname to you will always be Django
Might get to experience Westboro first hand on Friday. It will be hard not to yell back  but I will not sink to their level of sickness.
Might go to Oklahoma and be part of the Red Cross crew ...Still thinking about it though..
Mine too.  Gotta get some ice packs for a home made ice tube. These hamstring are on fire!
Miss my winterCute.. I like how you said winter instead of summer.. I like it.
Missing something important in life and you can't figure out what it is?Here's the
Mixed boys are sexy but Mixed boys with pretty eyes are angles that god sent just for me like omg
Mom  while driving down the highway: oh look that mobile home park has TWO pools. That's really 'uptown'. #totallyserious
Mom and I are off to the airport for our Oklahoma trip!
Mom take my picture! Quite the shutterbug these days! @ douglas park
Monday almost over for me
Money Kinda Short  but we Gon Work it outttt
Money called and I'm motivated
Money trees are the best for shade
Moonshine's gettin new rubbers today!!
Moore  OK gets leveled yet Westboro Baptist Church still stands. What's wrong with this picture....
More compelling video evidence of a tornado near Siloam Springs.  This area will be surveyed by the Tulsa NWS soon.
Mormons are out early today
Morning Webcast: May 23  2013: Environment Canada confirm tornado in Kawartha Lakes; 2nd suspect in Bosma killing...
Morning from OK where rescue mission is now one of recovery. Updating our stations across country this am
Most of the guys who make fun of me are probably closet homos. #Smh
Most peaceful grocery shopping ever. Perks to getting off of work at 2 AM!
Most ppl cannot mentally navigate the static of the loss or threat of loss. They think it to a point and it disengages THEM. #OKC
Mother Nature is mad. Really  really mad.
Movie sucked but hey. My night didn't
Mrs Moore on the English sol... #okay ????
Must be trying to get serge ibaka'd? ayyyy don't talk about my baby
Mustang Tonight !!! I Think So ........
MxB Family Gang tell me I ain't from it..
My 1st top 3 in Fantasy Golf this week...since a long time ago
My 28 yr old brother finally came thru
My 4 year old only wants to listen to boys round here' or the redneck song as she says
My 5 500 tweet goes to  because I don't think I've every given her a tweet and also cause she seams like a cool girl #Followher
My Bad   Lol I Will Next Time !! ((:
My Cousin got homework and his graduation today <<<<< tf #oklahomaproblems
My Klout score is up to 56. Gonna go mow the lawn now.\#klout #oklahoma #nompnasty #taggingforklout
My Shania Twain pandora station is so on point right now
My ankle is hurting really bad right now and I didn't even do anything to it
My ankles are so swollen
My anxiety is so high
My aunt just called me ugly. #Thanks
My baby is walking on her own! I am so proud @ Secret Volcano Lair
My baby's birthday is tomorrow OMG
My body hates me for tubing yesterday
My booies are more than a mouthful   so ion have that problem . Lolx
My boy just got rejected by the waitress  no number no food
My bro kevin & bitch brittanee would be so damn cute
My bros video of the tornado got 5 000 views in under 2 days. Though its uploaded on someone else's account  but they gave him credit.
My brother has put together quite the grooms party!
My brother is ruining my mood.
My brother scaring me  by saying there's a tornado warning ??
My cheeks hurt  too much smiling and laughing over that damn picture
My class will still have all of our senior privileges. So  Im not stressin it. Don't know bout all that!
My cool summer never ends
My cousin kicking my out of his racecar bed.. <<<
My cousin walked the stage(: #classof2013
My cubicle is literally an ice box  every other hour I go to the bathroom and just run my hands under hot water #CorporatePopsicle
My cute daughter acting goofy
My dad and step mom argue too much. Just get a divorce or something.
My dad is a pimp! Thanks for the pic     #badassbestfriends @ The Trophy Room
My dad is asking me what Twitter is. I told him its a dating site.
My dad just told me how my Uncle Bubba & my grandpa took him out for mountain oysters (cow testicles) as a test to keep datin my mom #lulz
My dad said if I touch his fridge he gone shoot me :/ #thestruggle
My daddy over here laughing at the white lady crying about her house! CTFU
My dog is so ugly.
My dog is sooo annoying when he barks!!
My dog was so excited when I got home that she gave herself hiccups
My dream last night<<<<<<
My face every time  tweets me..  He forever talkin shit
My face when drivers in the fast lane are being passed by other cars:
My favorite animals are actually cows
My favorite bird at the #okczoo  the Tawny Frogmouth! @ The Oklahoma City Zoo
My favorite season of Jersey Shore is onnnnn i hate tht show
My fellow tomato lover is here!!!  #soexcited
My friends back home think I've lost my mind
My goon need to call me
My hair longer then your girls
My hair was blonde and long and I was really tan and I saved a drunk guys life at the beach and that was just a jolly old time
My heart ain't even broken. My feelings are just hurt
My heart beats for you.
My house feels weird right now
My iron play has strengthened exponentially #lookout
My last day as a junior tomorrow
My last day is tomarrow
My life is so boring #sadadmittance
My long lost friend BRich just now followed me on instagram  dang.. #salt  lol its a new 1
My mama called me all calm talking about what y'all doing  tf?
My mind is playing tricks on me..
My mission is to please your body if you didn't kno..
My mom is at a party  and my dad is at home  watching Magic Mike...should I be worried?
My mom is making Mac and Cheese.
My mom must like you.
My mom really just fucked up my mood today like forreal !!!!!!!
My mommy seriously needs to hurry home.
My mustache is so sexy
My neck has a big scratch cause you stabbed me with a pen...  I'm sorry; don't sit in my seat
My neighbor is so annoying -.-
My nephew can't say Brittany so he calls me granny & cricket.. #MakesPerfectSense
My nephew keeps telling us his friend Wendy pees his bed
My new follower is pretty cute.
My new lady say she leavin me  fuck'r I don't care! #MIA
My niece: why do you have red hair? You should do it blue... Or pink &purple  mixxxxx it up!!!! Lmao
My nigga Ty had all the girls growing up through out the years
My nigga chief keef is up
My nose is kinda swollen now!
My outfit for today tho
My parents refuse to let me go out in this weather so I guess I gotta ride out the tornado like reg black people lol
My parents wanted to stay longer so I played more and lost my money! -_-
My phone is in 8%. I'll be back on at about 3:30 when this baseball game is over. Enjoy your break from me.
My phone smells like my doggies :)
My phone tweeting people in ish lol
My phones been dead for like everrrr.
My random selfie has 27 favorites that's my record for a picture on twitter haha
My relationship is none of your business. #fuckoff
My room looked like a tornado went through it haha
My sis wouldn't even let me kiss her head
My sister is mean she never wants to talk to me and she use to tell me I was adopted when I was little
My sisters said I been being mean today
My son @ Paseo arts festival in okc
My stomach is gettin tight
My stomach is slowly going back to normal
My view on the way home from Louisiana
My waiter tonight>>>>>> #gorgeous
My weekend is a lonely one without  i feel  like nothing is that funny without her.
My whore never texts me back
My wife loves bret. That's the only reason I went. Ain't been back.
My wife says I'm a big baby when sick. I say not one bit. I just need regular changing and feeding.
My wife thing she is special because she has bewbs and 1300+ followers. Honey you have 1300+ followers cause you have bewbs!
My wish for you is that this life becomes all that you want it to
My wrists are fraking killing me!
NAH NIGGA IMA KILL YOU BEFORE YOU TRY TO KILL ME!!!!
NBA Oklahoma City Thunder Wool Blend Adjustable Snapback Hat  One Size  Blue
NEEDED: Crates and Kennels for dogs and cats. Drop off at the Cleveland County Fairgrounds at or the Norman Animal Shelter. #okwx
NO MOM  he missed the damn GAME
NO ONE CARES THAT YOU WORK OUT
Naa I'm To Thick For All that
Nadia Comaneci wins Annie Oakley award - luncheon in her honor #OklahomaCity  for info and reservations
Nahh nahh you good  did y'all beat lake Norman in playoffs?
Nap time is the best time.
Nasty fat bitch putting her mouth on all my stuff.
Need help on what's the word app? #whatstheword
Need to go to apple.. Anyone wanna come with?
Neither of us wanna play the side no more
Neva realized how funny boss'n up is
Never be anybody's back up plan. If they didn't choose you first and foremost. Then toss the
Never been so happy to be in Pott County in my life
Never expect  never assume  never ask  and never demand. Just let it be.
Never give up on your dreams  keep sleeping.
Never wearing yogo pants to a barber shop again !!!!
New Blog Post: Thurston Moore - Pedal Line Breakdown
New Oklahoma Law Restricts Funeral Protests
New Shocking View of TX Tornado
New comic books tomorrow! TURN UP.
New twitcon/avi or whatever it's called..
New website for >> Beta Sigma Phi Lambda Master Chapter >> a Local Services biz in Muskogee Oklahoma.
News 5 was on my rode  weird stuff.
News 9 Rides Along With Moore Police Looking For Looters
Next weeks gonna suuuccckk...
Nice little old neighbor lady just brought me this. @ Cleveland Neighborhood Gazebo
Nice! You all look wet!
Nice. I've checked in 10 times today. Ft. GI JOE  Ok..
Nicole Norman doubles to LCF for 2 RBIs.
Nigga threw the ball to Manti Teo's girl sitting courtside..
Niggas 7ft telling me I'm the one they look up to.
Niggas be broke as fuck but still have weed. Didn't make sense. Lol
Niggas say im defensive it is wht it is ...
Niggas wanna dawg females..call em bitches etc but then be all in they feelings & shit..stfu!!always tho
Nights like this i need a cuddy buddy !
Nighty night.Keep yo butt hole tight.Or loose. Whatever you like.
No  I don't want to see your abs.
No Love For My Daddy Cause The Coward Wasnt There
No Norman  don't do it  don't go to the nice ladies house
No Wonder People Don't Go To Church
No doubt LeBron could play in the NFL with some practice but not as a QB. Racism
No joke  I seriously want  to snapchat me all the time so I don't have to get on YouTube to fangirl.
No lol its the freshman ... wait she a sophomore now lol
No longer dating a high schooler #milestones I claim copyright for this tweet
No one ever said I was nice. :)
No one gets me like you doo.
No one is trying to be a hero. They're trying to be helpful.
No one wants to text you. I know
No problem. I've been up all night as well. Now if I can just get in this bed and fall asleep.
No school  i need company..
No sleeping in today equals a little doodling
No take backs  no regrets
No way it's only 3. *bangs head against wall
No. 1 Oklahoma Headed To WCWS: \Michele Smith and Pam Ward discuss the win that will send Oklaho...  #SemasirTalks
No. I am not going to ARKANSAS
No. Not some day. Today.
No. You're wack for not believing it.
Noah and zac might be pregnant with Chaz's baby..
Noah is like the only other person awake.
Nobody cares about the Western Conference Finals lol !cause it ain't OKC or the Lakers.. lol
Nobody got time for that jake
Nobody talks about the Sanchez gang and gets away with it!
Noon today   Stories from Guantanamo  a diamond heist in Antwerp and  Witnessing The Moore Tornado From Air And Ground.
Nope  I get paid Friday.
Nope =[ I'm in Edmond getting everything settled in my apartment
Norma and Norman Bates are like those kids who are still nursing their moms in the 2nd grade by mutual choice
Norman  you know what you have to do. Epic ending #batesmotel
Norman Bate's brother could get it. Lawwwddddd??
Norman Bates loved his mom so much  he murdered her
Norman Bettison: Sign to remove this cretin of his knighthood  #JFT96 #LFC ...and please !
Norman Gold & Diamonds Norman  OK FREE Gold Testing (Norman Gold & Diamonds)  Norman Jewelers #coupon
Norman Reedus is just perfect
Norman Rockwell Christmas Plates Get at in our shop #shopping
Norman T's words proving once again that Tory diehards are not  repeat not  swivel-eyed loons.
Norman T: Make sure the Lesbian Queen checks the other 'lady isn't a Catholic - because she's not allowed to marry one.
Norman Tebbit to play Oedipus in new one man show.
Norman Tebbit wants to marry his son. Surely a case for Operation Yew Tree. I think we just discover the mystery Tory minister...
Norman Tebbit: if your first thought about equal marriage is But I might marry my son!  we need to talk.
Norman Tebit is a pathetic washed up ex minister who should just shut up and realise we no longer live in the 1950's #bigot
Norman drives 1-2 pitch off Rohrer over LF fence. 2-run HR gives #Waynesboro 6-5 lead in top of 7th. #drama #DNR
Norman look what I did was very difficult because you are sooo perfect I love you? please follow me
Norman that is not okay!!! (It's okay. You keep doing that. Bless.)
Not Nam bit of his head touched the ground!  Nigga didn't even hit his head. Lol. $5K fine for T.Allen.
Not a fan of this 5 in the morning stuff
Not bad when you get tuesdays off
Not doing shit today!!! So your not going tonight
Not feeling good enough <<<<
Not getting no reply cause you fronted on twitter.
Not gonna lie out of all the teaches I've had ill miss mr. Green the most. Hands down my favorite cosmetology teacher tough me alot of stuff
Not good.   Cell with possible tornado is at MA  CT  NY border.
Not noticing tweet typos right away just really bugs me.
Not today  I am Thursday - Saturday!
Not yet I gotta wait til I'm away from buildings and homes so I don't take em down you know? Lmao
Nothing can ruin my mood now. (:
Nothing lasts forever and we both know hearts can change.
Nothing pisses me off more than a guy who hates a girl just because she doesn't like him. GET OVER IT MUTHER FUKER
Nothing says welcome home like people whispering about you behind your back but not actually talking to you
Now I have Red Ragtop on repeat  love this song.
Now I know what it means lol
Now I'm kinda feeling salty Me too..
Now I'm ready for Finding Dory!!
Now Playing: Oklahoma Mass Choir - I`ll Praise Him | Gold Praise Channel - Tune In=>
Now Playing: Trina Moore - Be Like Jesus-Final
Now everybody and they mama call me Sekret...and I promise none of y'all know what it means
Now im speechless over the edge breathless
Now is NOT the time to argue about effect/affect. Seriously. It bugs me too  but go frickin hug a loved one. Jeebus.
Now tell me.Is the Shawnee Mall (where Movies 6 is) in Shawnee? Yes? Then it uses Shawnee water.
Now that I looked at my elementary pictures!  We had some FATASS HEADS
Now that its summer I need snack food. So instead of healthy stuff I grab waffles  donuts  Texas toast  and animal crackers.. #healthy...
Nurse Manager = RN - Special Per Diem - ICU 7p-7a 13-week assignment $50/hour at Lakeview Hospital (Oklahoma C...
Nvm we're gona die.. its a tornado
OH MY GOSH I miss  so freaking much
OH MY GOSH that's so funny!
OK EVERYBODY HATES ME RIGHT NOW SO ILL JUST SLEEP
OK not out of dark yet severe wx predicted for this area  Texas  Arkansas and Louisiana. Search for missing continues
OKAY I GET IT THEIR IS A TORNADO WARNING
OKC BARONS (NewsOK): Oklahoma scene: Edmonton Oilers  Dallas Stars to play exhibition at Co...  #Oilers #OKCBarons
OKC National Memorial @ Oklahoma City National Memorial & Museum
OKC Quick-Cast: Memorial Day starts off in the low 70s  heating to the upper 80s. Storms possible across western OK  a few may be severe.
OKC needs to amnesty Perk  18.6 mil over the nxt two seasons?? He's averaging 4.2 points 6.1 rebounds per game
OKC you have my deepest wishes.
OKLAHOMA CITY - She had to pause several times. She needed to collect herself. But then Amy Simpson opened up and memories of a harrowing..
OMG FIVE GUYS IS SO GOOD
OMG I just saw some funny stuff
OMG OMG OMG HE GOT THE ROSE!!  YAY FOR ROBERT!!(: #thebachelorette
OMG WHY DID THE DOOR JUST FLY OPEN WHY WHY WHY MY HEART IS BEATING SO FAST THAT WAS SO SCARY
OMG!! Waiting to board my plane to SLC...and I get my first lightning capture ever!! And on my
ON CRIP SHE DID NO WAY BLOOD! Lemme see that cuh blood
ON ME!  Im with my white side of the family
OSS holds demo at Oklahoma City headquarters.
OU IS GAY AS FUCK*waits for 10 people to talk shit and another 5 to unfollow me*
Of course I get this all the time from parents...I ain't gone be long and Juss gettin a few things.
Of course there's no rule that says dogs can't play. But that dog is WAY too short to be effective.
Of course. Wife is at work kids are watching TV. You don't expect me to change because I'm sick do ya? :-)
Ofc. Kilian was selected for the Allen L. Moore Memorial Gold Badge Award!
Off to the gym to take some of the jiggle outta my wiggle. #bootcamp
Off to watch my kiddos graduate
Off work. Bout to go meet with this lady ..
Officially a bartender/waiter at The Drum Room! A new  restaurant right across from Cafe Nova #ChickenNWaffles #Beer #Summer
Officially filled out. #Pacers lol
Oh  don't forget  rocking back and forth.
Oh  they already did at a Thunder game.
Oh  you're not gettin' Bey's face tatted?
Oh I do. Don't you worry.
Oh Justus in her feeling too .
Oh baby  I'm not asking for the world  maybe You can give me what I want Baby
Oh btw to my twitter followers. I might be making a trap song. O_O
Oh cool  Metafilter's emerging consensus seems to be fuck Oklahoma because their senators suck  that's not at all horrible
Oh my god  get that rat off my TL man how much times am I gonna have to tell you?Please let her know..
Oh no  I just saw a guy wearing a fedora hat driving a lifted Chevy...#smh #ruinedit
Oh ok she got braces!!!
Oh shit! I didn't get a picture with Bestfriend yesterday...
Oh so 17 people unfollowed me on instagram im the last 3 hours? Oh its okay I got the app to see who you is. You ain't slick.
Oh yeah.. I have work.
Oh yes I do   I just wanted some *shrugs* oh well she still gave it to me!
Oh you want to know.
Ohhh there's no place as good as Oklahoma -Carrie underwood ????????????
Ok I tried to get over there yesterday it didn't work
Ok guys  who opened the chamber of secrets? There are spiders all over my courtyard. Aragog has to be around here somewhere
Ok now  has a twitter so I have to go back and delete all my tweets professing my love for her
Ok ok. I'm up! ::grumbles:: lots to do today. Ugh.
Ok well then just be glad we not talkin then
Okay  level with me here people - is it REALLY always sunny in Philadelphia?
Okay my hair is growing on me. Just bit of color shock!
Okay so surfing is out .... ima play golf!!!!!
Okay so wtf am I supposed to fucking  wear Mother Nature !
Okay. time for a shower.
Okc is like a recycling bin..
Okcps on that bs we don't get out til the 30th smfh
Okies apparently believe 'The President's Authority' overrule my Constitutional Rights and those granted him under The Constitution?
Okla. isn't a place. It's something in your blood. It's something that you do. It's the shirt off your back  the giddyup in your soul. #OK
OklaHOMA you damn right @ Tuttle  OK
Oklahoma  oh hey summer self  welcome to unlimited thirsty thursdays and walks of disgrace.
Oklahoma (Adult) Benefit Tank Top from Hello Apparel (via
Oklahoma Breaking News: Obama Says Gov't  People Behind Hard-hit Oklahoma 'all the Way'
Oklahoma City Museum Blast - News - Bubblews
Oklahoma City OK Tue May 21st PM Forecast: TONIGHT Thunder Storms Lo 55 WEDNESDAY Patchy Fog Hi 81
Oklahoma City Thunder: In his absence  Russell Westbrook's value becomes ... -
Oklahoma City Thunder: What does drafting 12th mean? -
Oklahoma City auto insurance requirements -
Oklahoma Duchy Pretty Body politic ~ Busting the Midwest Verbal Everyone Bubble: .YKD
Oklahoma Guv: Our Hearts Are Broken for the Parents  [VIDEO]
Oklahoma Military Needs Your Help
Oklahoma Police Scanner: Listen to Oklahoma city police scanner  oklahoma  moore ok county.  #hamr
Oklahoma Senate Votes To Defund Planned Parenthood Two Days After Tornado  via
Oklahoma St. Downed by Iowa State. Now let the chaos atop the BCS ensue.
Oklahoma Weather: ...A LAKE WIND ADVISORY IN EFFECT FROM 10 AM CDT TO 4 PM CDT FOR PARTS OF EAST AND NORTHEAST...
Oklahoma bound for a PRCA! I got a bull drawed named dirty deeds wish me luck!!
Oklahoma is trending.  we made it.RFT
Oklahoma passes law to restrict WBC protests:
Oklahoma pitcher Keilani Ricketts is a #Sooners fan favorite.
Oklahoma votes on defunding Planned Parenthood  N. Carolina votes to fund pregnancy centers  & more
Oklahoma will get this money  and then they will vote against it for other states every time. -  #tytontv
Oklahoma woman has to leave the state now  forever  thanks to Wolf Blitzer.
Oklahoma won't fool around with those Westboro idiots  we will shoot them on site! #BangBang ??
Old man told me I was damn good lookin' today. I love old people
Ole girl name turn out to be Lisa
Omfg   I used to date a girl with a lazy eye  but she was seeing someone on the side.
Omfg I think I'm too old to continue following you now  Class of 2012 >>
Omfg! It's surprising this is back again!  #Oklahoma
Omg I am going to throw up... And that is going to hurt my tummy worse. #ihatethis
Omg earthquake everyone!!! \Ask Oklahoma how they feel about 0.2 earthquakes..
Omg guys watch this.   I cannot stop laughing. Like no joke.
Omg. he's totally making me blush haha and he's a cutie.. it's a plus
Omg:  the attitudes <<<<< I just wanna make him happppy -__-
Omgee he has braces I'm in love .
On I -35 trying to get home.  Standstill.  Truck loaded with plastic sheeting  bags  gloves  buckets
On Oklahoma   &  don't sound journalists  they sound like a Roland Emmerich movie.
On my way to the east
On the ground in Moore  OK   describes a grim tableau.
On the south side now! #FWM
One Person Ever Made you so Mad you deleted All your Contacts out your phone?
One day baby  we'll be oldOh baby  we'll be oldAnd think of all the storiesThat we could have told
One day can change yo whole future.
One huge thing I can thank my ex for is for putting me on #Bachata music!!!! #SexiestMusic
One last Oklahoma sunrise as the plane took off #perfect #beautiful
One more day of school.. I got this.
One more day of terrible teaching!
One more win to get to the championship. #BoomerSooner #ShutoutsOnShutouts
One of my biggest fears #ticks
One of the biggest things that led me to Christ was meeting Christians who didn't hide their faults & try to act like life was perfect.
One positive thing about this week .... #3 day weekend coming up ;)
One thing I won't do  what's that? Pay for pussaayy she gets a bunch of money. Spend it all on drugs
Only God Forgives  I Don't
Only Matt boner would use a bounce pass to swing it around the 3pt line smh..
Only for a beautiful girl
Only if   you knew how much I do....
Only stupid people are breeding.
Oomf better be happy cause they was whipping
Oomf geting braces today! THANK YOU JESUS!
Oomf is bad af  and that avi  don't even get me started
Oomf is mad I think
Oomf... shhh you can be speaking about me....
Oomf:Have you ever been in twitter jail?Me: nigga I got 4 000 tweets does it look like I ever been in twitter jail
Oomfs is tweeting the lyrics I'm listen too.
Operator get me the president of the world this is a emergency.
Or a mis-represented one. This one was not fake  but also not from Moore.
Or just don't talk to me all day. That's cool
Ot or win it #Pacers
Ouch sister! That's sounds painful!
Our Exclusive w DJ Moore (CB For The Panthers) Talks Panthers LovieSmith Bears Future n More: Listen:
Our family is so sad to hear about our dear friend and her newborn baby passing away yesterday. Please pray for Megan's family.
Our makeshift cafe! #coffee #helpmoore
Our vehicle isn't that reliable now.. And we've had for like 9 months and it was 5k.
Outcome of the 2013 finals: 4-3 heat against the spurs
Over here posting Instagram pictures with other niggas while you not around and you think she loyal? You think them niggas ain't in her ear?
PACERS COACH NEEDS TO BE FIRED!!!!!!!!
PS:\\Mackie Taylor\160 New Life Ranch Drive\Colcord  Oklahoma 74338\;););););)
Pacers already in the penalty
Pacers will not go down easily #OT
Pandora would fuck up the second after I say how great it is. -_-
Paris hilton sild almost 300thou but i doubt they even let her in the studio 
Participants of the #SUSI2013 are attending the lectures  in #Gaylord in  #Oklahoma #university #SUSI
Party this weekend . I'm gunna be there !
Paul George is the real deal defensively and offensively
Pay day and my bro ace got a show tonightlet me hold somethin lol
Pens putting the boots to the Sens right now.
People are sick. You are going to fake a woman being trapped to the national guard when your number is from Vegas? How could anyone do that.
People can be so retarded on twitter  asses shouldn't even be allowed to have an account.  #lames & #ratchets
People don't realize who my mama is... Lolx
People dying and yo stupid ass is truly crying over this ish...
People in #BethalAcres area can get help and meals at #EmmanuelBaptist
People in Moore can't do 4 way stops worth a damn. #getittogether
People make me so mad.
People put too much info on twitter
People still wear shirts that say Hollister on the front? K.
People that can't get the greater/lesser than signs right. You dumb muh' effa lol
People turn into a major Christian over night
People who post the Don't delete my Instagram picture should get their Instagram deleted.
Perfect day for reading and coffee #staycation2013 @ Elemental Coffee Roasters
Perfect is like my favorite word.
Person: *doesn't reply*me: they hate meme: i hate meme: everyone hates me
Pets listed w/  are available for owner pick up at 2901 SE 29th St For more visit
Phones about to die. #OhWell
Photo: fuckyeahvintage-retro: Wife of a departing soldier lifts her son for farewell embrace. Oklahoma ...
Photo: x-cyn: Last night v. OKC. Embarrassing loss  though.
Picked up Drift by Rachel Maddow. I know that I'm going to like it because she dedicated it to Dick Cheney. #summerreading
Pictures and memories will have to get me through.
Pistol whip you dip you and flip you.
Plane to Atlanta!  @ Will Rogers World Airport (OKC)
Planning on my 10k tweet tomorrow night. If you want in it favorite this and tell me why you should be in it.
Planning your weekend? Saturday's #livemusic features Benji Clements  Jimmy Moore  Wolfhound  Alan Maskell  James Knight playing from 3pm
Platform thong sandals. Once only used by strippers on a nice day..until i got to Oklahoma and noticed they are still a hot commodity!
Please leave so I can come out lol
Please stop talking about the babies.... </3
Please tell me why my step dads phone started ringing & I like big butts started playing
Please tell me... I'll wait
Plus  almost all my shifts are closing shifts. #Fml
Plus  she's so tiny it would probably sound like a mouse farting....or was it one of those HUGE awkward farts?!
Pops giving a little motivation to the talent. @ Producer Playhouse
Porcelain china that  you lame muddasuckas.
Pot  meet kettle.    Heritage Minister James Moore calls for Sen. Mike Duffy to resign. #cdnpoli
Power Trip is surprisingly a great song.
Power just came back on a the Ranch!Thank you
Power went out  so instead of watching the Blackhawks  I'm at Fast 6... Not mad about this
Ppl who underestimate are funny...
Ppl wouldn't know what to do if a tornado came here
Pray for : \#oklahoma \#newtown\#boston\#malala \And for the ones we hold silently \#pray
Praying big time for those kids. Oh my god... I can't imagine if those were my siblings...
Presale Tickets for Chante Moore @ Concert Karaoke May 29th - Rooftop 3100
President Obama e-mailed me and asked me to share this website:
Pretty much racing a tornado righy now pulling a goose neck!
Pretty salty that those shoes aren't coming out in OKC... I was countin on that cash..
Probably cause you're high as a bat.
Probably going to Tecumseh today
Probably one of the worst headaches of my life!
Probably the most unproductive day of my life.
Problem children that all be repping November's own
Programming note: #TODAYinYellowstone has been cancelled. TODAY will be live in #Oklahoma tomorrow morning.
Project x part two is officially activated!!!!
Prolly wont see me for the rest of the summer I miss it tho
Prom with the best friend! And my sparkly sprained wrist.  such pretty girls!!
Promises  and they still feel all so wasted on myself! Love that song lol
Protecting your tweets is acceptable... but when you protect your Instagram.. to far. False. Neither is acceptable unles ur 9
Proud of  All that work is paying off. #StayHungryStayHumble
Proud to be an American
Proving to the twitter universe how ignorant you are.  should HACK you for being rude!
Punk ass grizzlies barely beat OKC then get they ass swept by SPURS. Need any more evidence that it was cuz Westbrook was out.
Pussy make me hard   Pussy niggas make me nauseous !
Put ya number twos in the air if you did it on emmm #shittedonem
Putting on a guys shirt and you can still smell his cologne! Ahhh!
Queen Atlanta (Oklahoma) born One child in Facific/ marcho pollo and santa luciana ship.
Quit mopin around pick your shit up move forward with your life. That's all I gatta say bout that onee!
Quitting my job at liquor store!! :) new chapter in my life!!
REAL ESTATE IN OKLAHOMA! Check it out:  via #Vistaprintwebsites
RETWEET!  I hate when people dont text back
RFT  For those who don't know the difference between 'thick' and 'fat'
RMFT!!!!!!!!!!  Can we get back on MySpace I want to have a top 10 again.
Rajon not my friend no more now that school is out . K
Ran a 5k I'm the morning and a 5k at night.  NOT basic Sounds pretty basic to me...
Randy Rogers  Casey donahew  Kyle Park. Can't wait! They've all come on my Pandora this morning!
Reading the testimony of the AEG trial on my list. Trying to catch up before this week's testimony. Sobering.
Ready for a relaxing weekend  but have too much to do around the house.
Ready for my boyfriend to get off work.!
Ready to be as far away from Oklahoma as possible.
Ready to hit the lake later with the bros
Ready to see my girl
Reality is wrong.. dreams are real!
Really don't need your help
Really jealous of  right now
Really need to figure out what kinda schedule I wanna work this summer. Soml.
Really want to add learn to play the piano to my bucket list!
Really wish this past week would just rewind and never happened
Redbox is for real pissin me off. I just want to watch zero dark thirty. Now you're screwing up my DVD player completely
Rediscovering the music I grew up on. LOVE LOVE LOVE.
Regis' Adam Moore signs to Linn-Benton: Regis senior Adam Moore has signed to play basketball at Linn-Benton...
Religion is a terrible thing. Why does everyone have to make little high school cliques and argue about who was right and who is stupid?
Remember that time  texted me from Africa?! BBs for life!!!
Remember when it was really cool to have a Jane Norman bag at school #schoolmemories
Remember when we had MySpace? && we had our top 10??? I miss that shit! Lmao! && people be like why you move me from your first? Lmao!
Remix is Melvin the Dude Cross Eyed Kisses is heat!
Reporter... Nothing good has happened  for three days. Except today I got to meet Anderson Cooper.#OverheardInTheSatTruck.
Research suggests that laziness is just a natural part of being a teenager & doesnt reflect bad behavior   guess your normal
Residents will be allowed back into neighborhoods in Moore between 3pm and dusk today. - Mayor Glen Lewis
Rich Niggas GO GEDDIT  Bitch niggas Get JEALOUS
Right now Twitter is therapy  but reading the politics & disgusting vile coming from ppl abt these tornadoes makes me sad.
Ripped my pants in the back by my butt like above my pockets  well these Aeropostale Pants are work pants now
Ronnie Moore has already spoken to several players about joining the club for next season. cant wait! #SWA
Ross be getting mad easily
Running on coffee & anticipation for sleep after work.
Russell uh fool for that one.
Ryan Gosling won't eat his cereal
S Wants Me To Stay In & Chill With Him   That Doesn't Sound Bad Either !
S/O 2  >> y'all follow her after she follow me.
S/O 2  >> y'all follow him after he follow me.
S/O 2  >>> y'all follow her after she follow me.
S/O 2  >>> your avi is cute af. lol  y'all go follow her after she follow me.
S/O to  for being a cool little kid and being a great athlete  and also being a cutie #Hottie
S/O to  for being a stranger  but your pretty & your header is cute!
S/O to  for being straight up with her tweets  must follow at times she has me rolling! Follow now!
S/O to  for being the first bro at PCO  the only one that didn't think I'm weird  follow for a whole different aspect of the world!
S/O to  for tha follow
S/O to all the seniors graduating today.
S/O to my little brother   graduating high school today. I couldn't be more proud.
S/O too my lil cuzin on his 8th grade graduation... #N a big S/O too my big cuzin Kilo for Dinner I
S/o to  for always makin me laugh haha
S/o to  for bein there through the ups and the really far downs! Love ya girl! Better see you this weekend!
S/o to  for finishing high school lol hes a great friend & really nice . Follow him (:
S/o to  she's pretty  follow her now!
S/o to  your avi & header is cute  but everyone go follow her.
S/o to  your avi is A-1  but you & my main squeeze is some cutiesss  Follow this guy right now !
S/o to the people that keep saying its gone b a new Friday
SB1013 [Update] Bail Enforcement and Licensing Act; modifying provisions relating to licensing and regulation. Ef...
SB1121 [Update] State Department of rehabilitations Services; budgeting in certain categories; lapse dates. Effec...
SB1127 [Update] Appropriations; State Department of Education budget limits. Effective date. Emergency.
SB1131 [Update] Appropriations; Oklahoma School of Science and Mathematics; enrollment of students residing outs...
SB164 [Update] Motor vehicles; various special license plates. Effective date.
SB166 [Update] Ad valorem tax; property related oil and gas disposal systems. Effective date.
SB173 [Update] Firearms; concealed handgun definition; authorizing private property owners to prohibit certain co...
SB321 [Update] Revenue and taxation; gross receipts tax on mixed beverages.
SB432 [Update] Education; creating Oklahoma's Career Promise Act; establishing eligibility and benefits. Effectiv...
SB460 [Update] Child abuse; requiring DHS to electronically record hotline referrals. Effective date.
SB574 [Update] Education; modifying assessment requirements under the Reading Sufficiency Act.
SB629 [Update] Public health and safety; relating to the Nursing Facilities Quality of Care Fee; Oklahoma Departm...
SB820 [Update] Courts and judges of the district courts; modifying certain electoral districts. Effective dates. ...
SB899 [Update] State Capitol building; modifying space under management and control of Legislature and OMES.
SB900 [Update] Public health; creating Prioritization of Public Funding in the Purchasing of Family Planning and ...
SB911 [Update] Insurance; modifying various provisions; Limited Lines Travel Insurance Produces. Effective date.
SB965 [Update] Oklahoma Water Resources Board; modifying appointments based on regional representation.
SBUX doesn't like the early riser/golf crowd on the wknds in OKC apparently. @ Residence Inn Oklahoma
SEEING YOUR FACE EVEN PISSES ME OFF!
SHARKS   Except when he catches sharks.. H8 you
SHE WAS SAFE YOU UMPIRE. YOU JUST RUINED MY LIFE. THE DAMN DUCKS AREN'T GOING TO OKLAHOMA AGHGGHHG fuck this shit #ImDone
SMFH that's what you get !!! Lol sucks to suck bitch
S\O to  for the extra grad ticket!
Sad thing is this wouldn't be my first ghetto pond party.
Safe to say I prob don't have work today. Still going to check it out and try to help in some way. Wish me luck.
Said oh good lord  she had them long tanned longs I couldn't help myself  so I walked up and said.
Sally Moore of perks n moore Featured on Close-Up Talk Radio
Salute me or Shoot Me  Make ya next Move ya Best Move!!!!
Samuel just stfu you white jones girl you can't be saying that stuff.. I do what I want.
Sandy be talking fast LMFAO
Savage got boobie fan signs .
Savi's Ass Fell Asleep On Me
Savvy veteran (soccer) foul sell by Allen.  Hate it but love it at the same time.
Saw  at the graduation. You looked pretty .Aww thank youNo problem
Saw that pt cruiser today that hit me ill find that bish for you
Say you love me . Mean it
Saying you don't have regrets is complete shit.
Scars aren't only found on wrists.
Scary Jerry.... Who TF says that!?! Lol
School tomorrow... I can't I just can't
Schools are open THURSDAY from 10-12.
Scratch That  it's Derek Fisher
Screw me over once shame on you  screw me over twice shame on me.
Screw you  Zach... Volkswagen has some of the most reliable cars ever?! The engine is my car is an engine design from
Scripture of the day: Don't worry about anything; instead  pray about everything.  Phil 4:6
Seattle is just proving why they don't need a NBA team and how classless they are.
Sebastian is about get dominated in FIFA. Again.
Secret stash  it's how we garage sale!
See You The Person IM Talking To !!!
See how long this going to go!
See me in the bed shirtless
See that's why I fucks wit u  i hate lovey dovey stuff y'all gay man
See that's why I'm never nice I always fuck up
See you lookin' at me  tryna' figure out how I move to the beat so goooood.
Seeing what objects I can stick in my ears is quite entertaining. I wouldn't go back 5 years and change my mind on gauging them.
Selena Gomez's music really speaks to my soul #loveyoulikealovesong
Selfish player. Then again  closed mouths don't get fed!
Sends a text sayin were outside I see the tornados about to touch the ground ill text you when we get out of this love yall
Sensual seduction by snoop  lmao
Serious question right now though.. How have I never gotten twitter jail?
Seriously anyone come do something with me. I'm so bored.
Seriously no one is answering their phone
Seriously only have like 5 friends and I'm okay with that..
Seriously. Why is it that when a cop is around people forget what a gas pedal is!
Serving others for Christ   @ Highland East Jr High
Setting the AC at 75 degrees is pointless. #hot
Seven Nations has a show on 05/25/2013 at 12:00 PM @ Sh... in Shawnee-on-Delaware  PA  #concert
Seven dudes in a dodge charger
Severe Thunderstorm Warning for  Carter  Love  Marshall [OK] till 7:30 PM CDT
Severe Thunderstorm Warning for  Lincoln  Logan  Payne [OK] till 6:15 PM CDT
Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Blaine  Caddo  Canadian  Kingfisher [OK] till 8:45 PM CDT. #okwx
Severe weather possible Wednesday-Friday  seasonable temps. Here's your OKC Bedtime Forecast.
Severe weather w/hail headed now to Moore! Please spread word to inform rescue workers. Please retweet!
Sevyn gonna smash tho
Sevyn has no way out he will be kilt
Sex while its raining>>>>
Shawn box that fish out of keystone
Shawnee is ranked 38th out of 892 schools in Ohio academically....I'd say I went to a pretty good school
She a dime  but I always loose change!
She apparently circulated to the congregation to 'make sure he gets the stiffest penalty possible for anything he is charged with'
She called me trashy. Lmaoooo
She don't love me anymore.
She got a sheet as a dress in her Avi?
She is my best buddy .
She knew what she was doing when she took that picture
She makes $360 for sew ins.
She not trying to kickit its Kool tho dirty dike
She reminds me of catalyst : science peeps feel me !
She said you handsome....i said lol o yea handsome money this way love.
She say love me but don't know what love is..
She say my name  like I forgot it...
She straight up lied and had me thinking she could sing good until I searched It on YouTube
She take pride in goin out  gettn hollered at & sayin nah.She no saint  but she don't pose  she dnt wear make up by the boat load
She want that pretty flako!
She's a keeper. Too bad you didn't keep her.
She's pick me up at 6  make you wait til 8  country girl sticker on a Chevrolet. #ChaseRice
She's ratchet af. Have fun with that.
Shedding selves are you? Happy Spring!
Sheldon told me & tae we sprung & got a cute relationship lol.
Shit that's just called being real
Shit this rain is better then a tornado.
Shooooot ! I'll be at practice alllllllllll day today .
Shot of tequila  beer on tap  sweet southern woman sit on my lap.
Should I go outside in the severe tornado warning to vine this?
Should we do the second verse also? Because I'm down
Should've known to stay away from #oklahoma I hope the WBC has fun in jail.
Shout Out To  !!!! Love Your Efforts To Help The Less Fortunate !
Shout out to  and the Uco softball team for making it to the national championship game!
Shout out to  for the follow!  Mhm
Show me you want things to work.
Show you how to do it  left hip  right hip  put your back into itttt
Shut up!  Funny how everybody throw dirt on Langston name then end up going there in the end lol
Sign found in Moore  OK rubble gives me chills.
Silencer up on that 30 that bitch don't make a sound.
Simply the right opportunity at the right time.
Since I've been hurt I literary feel 50 pounds heavier..
Sing it Dawg   I'm just sittin out here watching airplanes. Take off and FLY!!!!!!!
Single cab dually....cummins.... What?
Single or not I'm not about to get at ratchets...
Sinj is now too cool for us.. what?
Sir  is my son/dog by the way.
Sirens again in Capitol area.
Siri is refusing to talk to me today. I hate her... #robobitch...
Sitting at Anthony's house while he's at work  is so lonely....
Sitting in the car listening to  and   sing along to  #IWantCandy
Skip shots  throw up the whole bottle. I'll show you a role model.
Skyla's last tweet was about me...
Slapping hoes left and right.
Slide that little sugar shaker over here
Slight chance of thunderstorms tomorrow. Hoping for nothing major
Sliw down grab the wall .. wiggle like uou tryna make yo ass fall off
Slow down grab the wall  wiggle like you trynna make yo ass fall off  & to think i wanna smash em all  speed up  gas pedal.
Snapback no hat though hmmmmm
Snow cone is more like it
So  Norman was 19 in this picture... oh.
So  after posting pictures of diplomas  what else will graduates post to blow up everyone's feed with the same picture as everyone else?
So Carley now nicknames me Gatorade for obvious reasons.
So I guess todays just gonna be a laid back boring day?..
So I just realized blowing off seeing a movie with a friend today may have saved my life. It was Star Trek 2:30 @ the Warren. Makes ya think
So I missed the presidential motorcade or nah?
So I need a answer before tomorrow. Yes or no?
So I was gonna eat some pizza then I remembered the pizza with milk thing and it ruined it
So I wonder if Squallie B gone be in my bed when I get off...baby this cuddle weather
So I'm sure everyone in the metro wants to know where  ended up eating last night. Am I right?
So If your from Africa why are you white?
So Who Yu Wit Lets Do This Shit
So a nigga need a place to stay for a Lil bit #anybody
So are we still messing with people's cars tomorrow as our senior prank?
So bad wanna go tell the westboro baptist in the best old lady voice I can muster  ya'll motherfuckers need some  Jesus! #freebail
So do I go to work? Lol
So don't reedy back then.
So exhausted  i juss cant fall asleep.
So far I have seen my beautiful child  retweet bitches and sluts. Maybe she shouldn't or her phone might get flushed.
So fun On a perfect day
So is there really a tornado in sterling or nah?
So many sexy women up here
So many take things for granted...
So my second smallest toe is broken and OMG it's painful. I didn't think it would be this painful/annoying
So now my twitter has a mind of its own?
So please skip a few pages   & let's end this with a happy ending ?
So proud of my best friend who is now Dr. Ben Collins!!
So proud of the senior class for giving up their senior trip to go help tomorrow. So dope
So sick of these storms
So thankful for my pastor friends in Oklahoma mobilizing the church to love and serve. The Church being the Church is beautiful!!!
So this Anthony Weiner Mayoral bid is happening huh? So will Bloomberg put a cap on wiener size too? #SolidJoke       Now I can sleep easy.
So weird to think that Jen is married... I just can't get over  she's barely older than me... #family #precious #lovethem
So why all these beefs goin down my TL
So why did you say that?
So worn out. I've dug up 4 of grandmas tomato plants  lillies  iris  other bulbs. Need to go ahead and plant tonight so I can go again 2moro
So you got a nosejob  and the story you're sticking to is walking into a wall? Not bad.
So you're saying disobey thy God or you're showing hate? Are you calling GOD a liar?!?
So...a tornado touched down in Glenarm  Ontario? Isn't that near where the world renowned #CottagePino takes place 
Some Girl Come Gimme Some Head To Take Away My Headache!
Some Italian food for the soul
Some girls need to take a chill pill with the guys.. You do know having a boyfriend means your not single? Just putting that out there..
Some guy I had a lunch date with. He's cute  right?  @ Oklahoma Joe's BBQ
Some niggas be ashamed of coming at a woman. Isn't that what were suppose to do? Or should we just look and only imagine?
Some of the people I follow on Instagram <<>> it's a love/hate.
Some people are just so confused!!
Some peoplee at my work need anger management. Nobody wants to be around ur ass!
Some things I see on social networks make me realize who people really are!!! #heartless
Somebody come do these clothes tho
Somebody come with me to see Hangover 3!!!
Someone DM me I'm bored
Someone PLEASE bring me some 50 cent corn dogs to work!!! Where is your work?
Someone call me & say goodnight kenoria ?
Someone came up an inch short of a ruler now didnt they.
Someone come swimming with me!
Someone do hood rat things with me....i have liquor.....
Someone drive me to moore
Someone just knocked on my window... yeah I did
Someone please tell me why I'm wide awake at 7am...
Someone please tell me why I've up for two hours researching where in Washington State I'm going to live when I graduate?
Someone will always be prettier. Someone will always be smarter. Someone will always be younger. But they will never be you.
Somethin bout a redbone. Ooh I think she like me.
Something about a pretty yella
Something that makes me more mad than anything is when people don't work for anything they have. Your 20  like stop relying on your parents
Sometimes God lets you hit rock bottom so you will discover that He is the rock at the bottom.
Sometimes I go out with my friends and feel oh so young! And then the next morning I wake up at 7:30 and watch Martha's Cooking School
Sometimes I just don't understand things.... #sighh
Sometimes I think I put myself out there and how I feel a little too much
Sometimes I want to shed a tear but no emotion from the queen
Sometimes all a man want is encouragement
Sometimes when you see a certain persons face and your like #Uugh go away please
Sometimes you just don't realize exactly what you have until it's gone
Sometimes. I. Want. To. Choke. You. Btw
Somewhere in the mountains. @ Holy City of the Wichitas
Sonic should give me my boyfriend back.
Soo  i wanna be happy  billionaire and famous...any ideas how to do that?
Soon as I turned around I heard the car pull of  like y'all ain't slick.
Sooo I spent $20 on a new charger that doesn't even work now -.-
Sooo yeah  who wants to help me blow my paycheck tomorrow?
Soooo my house tonight? Thoughts? GOD OH GOD.
Sooooo who's gonna be the bestest person ever and bring me lunch today?!?
Soooooo now we all know Nicole has jungle fever
Sorry I'd your names Unique.. But that's not unique
Sorry about all the spam! Password changed#stupidhackers
Sorry about the rain...maybe P can ship down an irrigation engineer
Sorry but I can't put my feelings out there #Fucc it
Sorry but I just can't do nice things for unappreciative people.
Sorry if I tend not to give a fuck about feelings anymore.
Sorry if im not texting ppl back and stuff.. I lost my phone like 5 days ago and left for OK before I could find it
Sounds good  I'll text you after this game!
Sounds great! i can do Tuesday after about 430 and weds-fri after 4pm. Or Monday daytime if you're open
Spendin time with my fam bam
Spotify is allowing zero sleep tonight.
Spur of the moment  I'm going camping!
Spurs beat Lakers no Kobe  Warriors after 2-2 when Curry hurts ankle & Grizzlies who beat OKC without Westbrook & injured Clippers
Squeaky wheel gets the grease
Star Trek Into Darkness! Thursday night with
Started from the bottom now we here! Beginning of school  end of school. Danny & Tavo. Sporting their polo I bought.
Steady is a good quality in a photog.  has it even under duress. #ksdk #hornet #liveshot
Stella before and after #TintinAintEasy @ Superior Auto Sports
Stfu about true friends? You're one of the fakest
Stfu with all this follow train shit damn
Sticking With You by Addison Road. #perfectforrightnow
Still can't believe I'm done with highschool
Still can't sleep. I'm gonna end up coughing up a lung.. woo hoo.
Still looking for 30 more children!!
Still watching war movies (@ Matrix) [pic]:
Stop arguing  and love each other   shit!
Stop shortening shit like totes boyf sbux oomf etc. I can't tell whether you're lazy or stupid.
Storms possible tonight  severe weather Thursday. Nice weather too. Here's your OKC Bedtime Forecast.
Straight up hungry for some fast food and a good movie and a fat blunt!
Stressful day. Feeling ready for bed already.
Stronger than I've ever been
Study for finals?  good one.
Stupid ppl driving down santa fe trying to flee.
Sturgis has the best chance over the vet. But doesn't Moore VS Tannehill in training camp last year go against what ur saying?
Such a heartbreaking sad day Lots of prayers. Breaks my heart.
Suck my cockiness  lick my persuasion.
Summer is officially here...it's pool time! @ Stonebriar Pool & Clubhouse
Super proud of Tornado (4years) who just did a 6km MTB ride with me in 48mins
Sure there's plenty of fish in the sea. But you'll always be my Nemo.
Surround yourself with positive people  places and things if you want to have positive outcomes.
Swear you watching fast 6 and shot lol
T-STORM WARNING for GARVIN; MURRAY; PONTOTOC counties in OK until 12:15 AM CT -
TAYLOR SANG SAFE AND SOUND FOR OKLAHOMA I LOVE HER SO MUCH
TGIF!! 2 day Weekend! (at  Sporting Goods)
THE HOTEL PARTY IS FREE !!
THE JONAS BROTHERS ARE IN MOORE  OKLAHOMA WHAT OMG GSUAFAYAIQPABSVHA
THE ONLY SCREENSHOTS YOU HAVE OF ME ARE UNFLATTERING.
THESE THINGS ARE GOING TO BE IN MY PERSONAL SPACE FOR TWO HOURS
THIRD GRADERS! I don't think I've prayed this much in one day.
TORNADO WARNING 17:03 LOC:ALL - GREENFIELD MA : TORNADO WARNING UNTIL 17:45:MA111
TV seats front row it.... #HeatGame
Tacos and sliders on the same menu? Why not.
Tae   Sheldon & Chuckie playing 2k in the front room.
Tag a friend that you met in dance and couldn't imagine what your life would be like without them today!  (:
Take a shower and still smell the lawn mowers of Cornwell #gross
Takin a break eatin some noodles for breakfast...
Taking advantage of the dreary weather and cookin some soup! #stilltoohot? #stillgonnacookmysoup
Taking nephew  fianc & little boy (with Donnie) to explore this great museum! (@ uofoklahoma) [pic]:
Talon  you didn't do that. I'd at you  but fuck  you didn't even follow back. I'd text you  but odds are you wouldn't reply.
Tay honestly just completely closed the car door on dyls finger. Lol #freakout #scary haha
Tayanna mad I ain't come to her window.*Tayona<< thank you
Taylor is my favorite friend shes such a ass and sweet heart
Taylor's Birthday is in 3 days. Then that bitch gets her phone back!
Taz missed out. Sucks for him.
Teaching Noah how to speak Spanish one cuss word at a time.
Tell everybody it's changed to 9:30!
Tell her you love her and thank you for what she did.
Tell me exactly what i want to hear lie to my ear's .
Tell me how you really feel
Tell me is there anymore room for me  in those jeans?   #ginuwine #sexjamz
Tell ya babydaddy that he super weak
Temporary Collage with Clouds  by Norman Kulkin  #artstack #art
Tennessee Charters Lose Struggling Students Before State Tests  When will we care for all.
Thaanks! Its all we can do really..
Thank You Frank Vogel for lighting a fire under  ...now it's over #HeatNation
Thank u!!  OUT NOW  Feel So Good by  E Hud  ft Marlo Moore
Thank you & your friends for spreading the word! OKC fan of #ouat
Thank you Jim!  All the credit goes to my players for a tremendous season.  Excited for summer hoops and 2013-14
Thank you Sweetheart  I would love to meet you  or talk to you on the phone sometime??'I would send you A Signed Pick' if you?
Thank you Tony. I hope you have a great day.
Thank you for the follow.
Thank you from Oklahoma.
Thank you man for the tweet.
Thank you much  girl!
Thank you so much  girl!
Thank you so much Ms. Winslow..  said it best help as can. Pls  girl is suspected alive  in view
Thank you so much sweet girl!
Thank you so much. It means a lot to them and it does to me too. So thankful God is powerful and loving and willing to help us.
Thank you to those who have served our country! Happy Memorial Day!
Thank you!   Y'all joking about this are so ignorant.
Thank you! Me too!   yay! I'm glad you're back safe!
Thank youuu  Females don't like broke niggas.... So y'all think niggas want a broke female?
Thanks Carleigh!! This is what ive been trying to say just didnt know how to put it in words! :)
Thanks Matthew I'm from here and it means a lot
Thanks for all the recommendations in Oklahoma City. My team and I ate at McNellie's  it was very tasty!
Thanks for all the recommendations in Oklahoma City. My team and I ate at McNellie's  it was very tasty! Really???
Thanks for sharing that  Claire. I haven't been following Norman on my smaller acc
Thanks for the follow. It was great to talk to you guys at the meeting last night
Thanks for the shout. We'll pass along your suggestion. Okc to Vegas and Miami and San Fran would be great!
Thanks for thinking about me
Thanks man! We are thankful right now!
Thanks to my best bud  for getting my car and  for taking it home! #bestfriendsicouldaskfor
Thanks to the obesity rate in Oklahoma no people flew away
Thanks! She deserves the praise  truly heart warming.
That Porter House I just ate>>>>
That Surf Dog special they did on sportscenter just pulled on your heart strings...
That YOUUU were the smelly one at prom
That chocolate Nirvana should be scared! #endofschool #treat #goodbye8thgrade @ Kaiser's American Bistro
That dirty weave must be cutting circulation to your brain  cause you were obviously not thinking.
That first kiss after spending time apart OR after an argument >>>>>
That goal robben made at the end . >>>>
That grade begs to differ small fry.
That has nothin to do with the heaT losing   Lakers BEEN home and OKC home so really 99% of y'all shouldn't even be talking!
That is one thing that can quickly Piss me off... But I'll act like that shit didn't just happen.
That made me laugh really hard.... Then again it's Jordan Moore. Never fails at making me laugh.
That makes you larger than life!.
That moment when I listen to our song and it doesn't phase me anymore>>>
That moment when you get to playin ball and you exceed. Youre Faster and stronger than the rest.
That nap that I just took tho
That night I almost slept in Blake's bed....with him in it. #Awk
That right there is why I'm scared to give second chances.
That should do it #GoSpursGo
That sucks. Because my kids watych his show also.
That tetanus shot destroyed my arm. #sosore #ouch #tornadocleanup #volunteer
That text that makes you blush (**)
That they are. Me not so happy. Run me in the ground...lol.
That thing is still in my toe
That thunder just flew me awake.
That was definitely the longest text message I have ever sent  so you better read it all  #Reallylongawe  it was beautiful!
That was one hell of a party last night!! Thanks brotherr
That weekend>>> altho it was cold af
That's awesome  congrats! What all are you doing on your weight loss plan?
That's bull you should still be able to go
That's fine... But can you really call it a Netflix original? I guess season 4 is  but the show itself?
That's so weird though.
That's what I get at mc Donald's
That's what I ordered!!! Lol Okay  I feel a little better.
That's what I would do. they being irky asf.  This nigga Pierre should block them   lol smh
That's what I'm talking about lol!
That's what this coach at that lax camp said
That's wrong.. I was with him that day
Thats a stupid idea. *thought that crosses my mind before i do everything i do*
Thats why yo phone ratchet and it aint uploadin ctfu!!
The 25th-ranked University of Oklahoma men's golf team sits in sixth place after one round at the 30-team ...  #OU
The 29th is the day that seems to work for the tailgate for everyone but you! I want you to join us! Make it happen!
The Beatles are awful.  I don't know how people can listen to their music. Why are we friends
The Bible is the most honest book ever written. To get the most out of it  however  we must be honest about ourselves.
The Big 3 taking over this game!!! #HeatNation
The Fam at the Graduation @ Cox Convention Center
The Gatsby soundtrack is GIVING it to me!!! #youngandbeautiful #crazyinlove
The Grilling Book Is Here: It's Time to Party
The Holiday Inn Express in Oklahoma City might as well be called a frat house tonight.
The McDonald's on Harrison makes the worst McChickens
The Moore Norman votech is just to fancy!!
The Myth of Writer's Block by Author S. Dionne Moore |  #amwriting #novelists #writingadvice
The National Weather Service has issued an alert for all of North and Central Texas. A tornado watch is in effect until 7 p.m.
The Senators from Oklahoma are the modern version of Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum.
The States are treating me well. Around 23-24 degrees. But I do miss Delhi.
The Teacher's Treasure Chest: Teachers Love Oklahoma
The Walking Dead Super Bowl 2013 Spot Daryl Dixon [Norman Reedus]
The Westboro Baptist Church better watch their back before they get shot by some pissed off Oklahoman rednecks. AMEN!
The Westboro Baptist Church is in Norman  OK Picketing Their HATE...
The art of peer pressure.
The bed soaking wet..his head soaking wet
The blind can hear me   The death can see me !
The cafeteria stage at plaza towers I played on it for the kids there long time ago  mommas office was off the left
The car hop at sonic just told me my eyes were beautiful.. made my entire day and its only 1030
The competition was different..Get out of here.
The distance between our hearts  like first and last pages of a closed book  a love story on fire  ashes blowing in the breeze
The ending of Safe Haven: (insert box of tissues emoji here)
The fact that I didn't get to see him today <<< but you got to see me...?
The feeling of homesickness comes so strong
The first text has to do with the Utah Jazz losing  right?
The former MAYOR is in town -- with  (at  w/ 3 others)
The fucc my nigga? You ain't shit
The good thing about funeral's is getting to see so many family members and friends all at the same time  and it's lovely. :)
The groom's cake - one to rule them all. #nomnom @ Norman  OK
The high school really isn't bad. There's just a few pricks that screw it up.
The honey Dijon marinade we used on the salmon works for lamb  too   . If you were wondering :)
The last 2 quotes on my TL
The light is to bright for my liking...
The littlest things bother me
The mayor is on Al Sharptons show
The moment I get my new car I'm going to stay at my grandparents for a week. #screwthis
The money is GIVEN to you. I don't know how you feel  but I don't feel right accepting money given to me when there's others who need it
The morning news just came on that means its time for me to go to sleep so in that case #GOODNIGHT
The movie Stomp the Yard is the best.
The needs of the many out way the needs of the few or the one. #startrek #nerd #spock
The new most expensive home in the nation...photos  #realestate
The official Facebook Fan Page Of Shelia Moore !!!
The only & only Shemar Moore from Criminal Minds will be partying at UNIUN Nightclub for ACT Sundays June 9th!
The piano in The Reckoning by  is so beautiful I can't take it.
The power of interpersonal presence and doing or aiding the person to do their next right thing is invaluable. Heart with ears. #Oklahoma
The previous three nights >>>>> tonight
The question becomes what percentage of any of this disaster pd by private ins? They have an immediate prior profile.
The reason I always spell fuck like fugg is because odds are that's the way I say it. #JudgeMe
The reason people give up so fast is because they tend to look at how far they still have to go instead of how far they have gotten.
The school bell just rang.they always do
The secret to happiness is freedom.
The security guards are gonna put a big orange sticker on the tornado. We're good.
The shortest of reminders can have the longest-lasting impression. #realtalk
The sky looks beautiful this morning. #Jumuah Mubarak! Khutbah at ISGOC at 2 pm.
The sound of thunder and lightening is my lullaby.
The spurs have the best pick and roll
The things ppl let come out they mouth.
The things we do to look pretty for a week full of events! @ Hawaii Nails
The trees need a tan.
The turtle got more likes than kohl. Lol
The way I explode is dangerous  I can seriously hurt somebody physically.
The way you move ain't fair you know
The whole weekend of June 9th and then the following weekend after I'm gonna be gone. Ready for a little break
Theirs nothing worse than a Texas fan who was born and raised in Oklahoma.
Then bacon is indeed the correct and sole response!
Then she turns around and ask mewell can you buy me one...when I asked herhow am I supposed to buy you a phone Nay?......
There are a number of Oklahoma campaigns on the site being organized by users. Go to  & search Oklahoma
There are still kids at southmoore still trying to get bussed out? #wow
There is a 14 hour differnce between Oklahoma & Japan.. Look like im gonna  be sleeping during the day & up at night.. Haha
There is a 7:25 PM flight leaving JFK for Oklahoma City.
There is absolutely NOTHING to eat in this house. Hopefully my mom takes me somewhere to get food.
There is an ongoing effort to manufacture a 'case' against me to imprison me over in this tucking shithole state
There is no better stress reliever than a bunny & your best friend  @ peaceful living
There is no more middle class. #detropia
There is no such as a coincidence.
There is no such thing as shopping to much.
There is only one song I like that 2 chainz is in.
There's a big black cloud right over my work... Lovely.
There's a lot of beauty in ordinary things isn't that kind of the point?
There's a partay in my cottage and I'm in bed watching desperate housewives  #summa2K13
There's many things i wish i didnt do but i continue learning.
There's not enough rain in Oklahoma to wash the sins out of that house
There's not enough wind in Oklahoma to rip the nails out of the past.
There's only one thing to do beforeVegas. #manipedi
There's so many things that should've never happened 
There's still so many unconfirmed people buried too...
These #SexAdvice tweets got me dead
These peanut M&M's tho
They always say the hottest love have the coldest end
They be telling stories about the man .
They can go fuck themselves haha.
They go on sale tomorrow at 10. Grrrr ill be at work! >:0
They had a tv in the bathroom  never seen that before. #buffalowildwings #hadfun
They have a curfew now.
They have verified non profits  and you list the item with proceeds going to that Charity.
They just like butchered my last name on the intercom lol.
They just said school was cancelled.
They need to put the 3rd season of pretty little liars on netflix ASAP!!!
They r saying at least 2 dozen dead at plaza towers elementry
They see me Rollin  they hatin  look at baby drew
They see me bowling  they hatin! Drake
They should stop putting the crying children's interviews on TV now. As if this shit wasn't depressing enough
They told me to stop tweeting
They want me to continue my life just right after stepping Spain by the first time in 10 freakin months...omg  i'm not a robot...i'm human.
They're called Employee Rights its a thing most employees use to have that all Federal Employees still have Thank Goodness.
They're paying for their own wedding?! My mom would pay me to marry someone...-me...
Things are being loaded up for the auction to start tomorrow. Let's help Moore out =)
Think Ima Take All These Hoes To The lake
Think im gonna start one with milan..
Thinking That Y'all Talked About It Since Y'all Talk About Everything Else   Lmaoo My Bad !!! Guess He Didn't Tell You   Oops
Thinking about getting tickets to lil Wayne T.I and 2 Chainz
Thinking of starting a career in Early Childhood Education  come and meet us in person next week at Moore Park at...
Thirsty Thursday huh you ain't gettin loaded
Thirsty ass it just be like that sometimes.
Thirsty men irk my nerves.....ijslol cousin stop
This --->  Danica Patrick is the poster girl for all ANTI women right campaigns.
This Math Finals Was A Fail   I Think
This Oklahoma breakdown  I know it's got you cryin'.
This Weeks setup Looks Eerily similar to Last Weeks.
This ain't Burger King  you can't have it your wAy ...
This bar is straight out of a movie  smoke and wrinkly skin... Another double please  perhaps a ticket home.
This bird is chirping the exact noises that car alarms make
This bitch called me Ka_nor_pa tf?
This bout to be a CRAZYYYYY ass series
This boy's vocabulary is better than some adults! #cutiepie #childrensministry #spanishchurch
This could also be another example as to why no one likes elmore..
This day did not turn out like anyone expected
This day is bittersweet. It is the last day of my first year of teaching. So much running thru my mind...
This dude did NOT just say he's a barbarian  wtf
This for a chance hang with  at his exclusive  sold out fan club party on June 4 before  #CMAfest #AwNaw
This gentleman has asked a pointed question of how to get in on world policy discussions  2 stop human trafficking. Help?
This girl putting Kam in his place bro life is hard for me
This has honestly been the most eventful school year I've ever had #holycrap
This in...  looks like puke
This is a real  player  #swag #nicehair
This is between me and her
This is going to be beautiful.   I am James Rosen. #UpYoursObama
This is the never ending move....I have so much stuff!! #TSM #divaprobs
This is the way. I feel it.
This is too much for Mother Jackson. In her 80s having to listen to how her beloved son was tortured. AEG was typical business  never cared.
This kid shows real RESPECT
This love somebody video is fantastic.
This movie could've been good. The ending is sucky right now.
This nigga  walked into the mans restroom knowing he not suppose to be in there.
This nigga Marlon saidI'm suing you for workman's constipation TF?! Lol
This nigga Travis swear he wanna make it somewhere.. But don't be trying to workout with me when I call him half the time.. #Suspect
This nigga said if I was in my rite state of mind I woulve known better lol
This nurse is fyne as hell
This olive garden better be good
This one guy >>  he had me dying earlier. Stick??? ?I see you!!!!
This past week  I just cry at night. It's a mixture of sadness  anger  joy  amazement  frustration  and so many other emotions. God is good.
This picture. Teachers taking kids away from school in Oklahoma. No words
This place is phenomenal  (@ Whiskey Cake Kitchen And Bar w/ 2 others)
This rain making me want to sleep
This song isn't helping anything at all.
This summer I want to  meet new people make new memories be with my friends
This thing is MASSIVE! #pops #memorialday @ Pops
This time won't you save me  baby I can feel myself givin up
This was Bob Harper's workout today.#GoodLord!
This was once filled with cheers  but now tears.  This is the site  of where we lost pretty babies 
This weekend will be interesting!
This white dude just stole my phone at cici's....
Thornton has the best playoff beard every year. Hands down.
Those pages on Facebook  are made up of people who love to see people get bashed on but will get mad when it happens to them smh
Those who excel in it seldom excel in anything else but excuses
Though the religious believe it's something more than that  that's really what it boils down to.
Thought I should replace it  so I bought 3 more. #onsale #OUcheeruniformforbabyCain #Boomer
Thought I was about to get pulled over just then.
Thought about putting a picture on Instagram..
Thoughts and prayers with all those affected by the hurricane in #Oklahoma and especially relatives of those killed.
Through The Drama I Could Always Depend On My Momma
Thunder better get this top 5 pick tonight!!
Thunder storm system passing through Moore  OK right now.  Flash Flood warning through 9:45a central time.
Thunderstorms for game one in Norman  Rain in Columbia guess we will have a lot of double hitters this week-end.
Tia and Bella are the funniest people I know! Haha
Tim can't text ms back ok
Time for service at #extrav13 and apparently some country music #cowboyup
Time for the cellar. #NormalSpringRoutine
Time is love  gotta run. Love to hang on longer but I got someone who waits  waits for me and right now he's where I ned to be.
Time to get my lazy ass up  and get this shit done
Time to get ready do wok.
Time to go see my moms in the hopstickle
Timing  as well. Imagine the toll if it struck at 5pm instead of 2pm
Tips for Parents ~ emotional care for children after disaster  #Oklahoma  #DT
Tired of not knowing where I stand with you.
To many people ask me if I'm on drugs  totally not about that life
To the low-life sonics fans  since when has it been important that a basketball team you don't have is more important than people's lives?
Today  Oklahoma aKDPhi emerges as CHI CHAPTER! No pressure  no diamond! ????????
Today has been a Good day :)
Today has been a productive day  + I Finally got my dad back to my new house about to sleep good tonight
Today i represent a key of soft
Today is a chill day!!
Today is a special day 6 years ago heaven received an angel named SILAS LEVI SUNDAY....love ya papa miss yaRIP(SILAS LEVI SUNDAY)!!!!
Today needs to fly by.. And Wednesday and Thursday.
Today was a blast:Went to Moore West to see some friends and old teachers..then hung out with my mates!
Told my big bro to punch me in the face.... #hedidit
Tomorrow I will dress up.
Tomorrow is $.50 corndog day Sonic. Needless to say  yall muthafuckahs better get there EARLY if you want any.
Tonight I say was successful!
Tonight's a drake type night.  I could never get tired of his music.
Tony Parker going off? Thabo cackling and smoking a blunt. #ThunderUp #tonyparkerkiller
Too Bad ! tell the Republicans to call off all hearings and concentrate on the State of Oklahoma.
Too late. Watching Se7en with a clothed Brad Pitt.
Too lazy to walk to my room.
Too* Max.  I play to much.. Wrong attire for the night.
Took mom out to eat & i got 0 for my bday!
Tooook my 3 hours too make cupcakes... But uh call me the next Betty Crocker  cupcakes for me? :)
Top Nine. Oklahoma State tied with West Virginia 5-5. #BigXII
Top of the morning to you wonderful humans lol !
Tornado Technology Still Includes Human Spotters: Here's Why
Tornado Victim  Barbara Garcia  Finds Dog During CBS Interview (VIDEO)  via
Tornado Warning Issued for Franklin County  MA. Severe T-Storm Watches for Western  MA: A tornado ...  #innovation
Tornado Warning for Bee  Goliad and Refugio Counties in TX until 5:00 PM CDT. #txwx
Tornado Warning for Cooke and Montague Counties in TX until 7:30 PM CDT
Tornado Warning for Crosby  Dickens  Floyd and Motley Counties in TX until 3:45 PM CDT
Tornado Warning for Haskell  Latimer  Le Flore and Sequoyah County in OK until 9:30pm.
Tornado Warning for Jasper and Newton Counties in MO until 7:15 PM CDT
Tornado Warning for Sullivan County in NY until 2:30 PM EDT
Tornado Watch now in Dallas until 7 PM - Democratic Underground
Tornado drill nobody got time foh dat! ??????
Tornado meets a rainbow
Tornado meets a rainbow. #AmazingTiming
Tornado rips through central Russia - video\
Tornado touches down in Southwestern Mass. #SummerWeather
Tornado warning day before yesterday.
Tornado warnings in Austin yesterday and I was at the pool. Thundering and storming at home today and I was at the pool. Clearly SM is>>?????
Traffic going into Moore is moving at like zero miles per hour.
Traffic traffic looking for my ChapstickName the movie that's off of  and I'll give you 10$
Transportation to Sunday prayer service offered to residents affected bystorms. MORE INFO >>
Trash. Garbage. Shit. Urine. Dirt. Disgusting.
Travel Trailer for Sale in Oklahoma City:
Treasure is just my jam. Job well done
Tried to make u mine #hoe
Tristan and Kristjan and that kid he hangs out with and Hailey were in my dream what
Trotter Overhead Garage Door Edmond  OK 10% OFF  Edmond Garage Doors & Openers #coupon
True story. Sorry I'm not good enough. Story of my life.
Trust is like a 1 000 piece puzzle. You can put it together and build it up. But lose one piece and it's impossible to find again.
Truth is.. when I'm pissed off or crying   all I wanna do is clean.. even if there's nothing to clean.. I'll go back through it..
Try again.... Southern Memorial Day:  Season transition  family gatherings  and food
Try living with someone you can never control..
Trying to move your stuff down three flights of stairs while your hungover. SUCKS!!! #nobueno
Tryna take dis outside? = I believe this altercation has escalated to physical terms.
Tuesday is tomorrow!We are releasing a new record leading up to   #F14
Turned the air on today Ashton step out his room sweats hoodie jacket beanie && socks on Looks at me and says MA  this is ridiculous.
Turning this off was seriously the greatest feeling ever: )
Twitter Explosion: Works best in situations where the story is changing so fast & mainstream media can't assemble all the facts #clarkclass
Twitter and Instagram are retarded right now!!
Twitter changes the geography of communication: The more two people interact  the closer they are likely to be geographically. #clarkclass
Twitter makes me forget I can txt.
Twitter should start LOCKING FOLLOWERS IN .... So  once you follow me... THAT'S IT BITCH! WE IN THIS FOREVER !!
Two brothers & 5 cousins....Mally  Jon  Kaden  Mary Caroline and McKinley had a blast tonight fishing  jumping equestrian  Xbox and burgers.
Two of the kids that died in the school in Oklahoma were best friends and were found holding hands. All of the feels
Two strikes one ball Jason
Ty Try To Violate Again And Got Kilt Smh He Should Just Stop
Tyler is an official graduate!!!
U G L Y you ain't got no alibi  you ugly.
U could at least talk shit on twitter
U see these bitches baby? ??
UD ain't playin with they ass out there...
Ugggh They Just Turned My Song
Ugh sheryl crow please marry me
Ugh take me to SF again already
Ugh. Just get them out. I wanna sleep. #rangers #WestCoastSucks
Uh oh    i got ahold of amsterdam. An im like fuck it
Uhh Its Rainin And I Really Dont Feel Like Askin My Daddy To Take To Him Cause Then He Gone Want Me To Stay
Um? What is wrong with some girls!
United Way of Central Oklahoma in partnership with The Oklahoma City Crusaders Rugby Club is sponsoring the PLAY...
Unless we have an interesting conversation I'm probably not texting you back.
Up because Za'kyis won't go to bed bad ass !
Upcoming Event\ Eel Pie Club : LARRY GARNER & THE NORMAN BEAKER BAND\ 23 May 2013 @ 8:30pm\
Use to go up with you in the Oklahoma drill
Vacation weeks go fast af<<<<   Work weeks slow af<<<<<
Vanilla coke zero from Sonic>>>>
Vic and Veronica are assholes too..
Video: May 20 tornado: Rebekah Stuck is reunited with son Aiden
Virginia Tech hosts UConn  Coastal Carolina  and Oklahoma in this weekend's regional play for the NCAA Championship. #CWS
Vision in my head  all I had to do was get it ouut
Voice control on my phone is like a crap version of Siri
Volunteer for manual labor or CNA (Moore  Oklahoma & surrounding areas) \ #OpOK
WANT TO HEAR SOMEONE SAVING A LITTLE GIRLS LIFE? Listen to my last tweet
WATER ONLY drop site: Hodge bldg State Dept. of Education 2500 N Lincoln  OKC  8am-8pm each day this week. #OpOK #Oklahoma
WE ALL NEED TO GET DRUNK TOGETHER my birthday. June 7th. Throw a huge ads party at the lake. E V E R Y O N E S invited.
WHY DOES SOMEONE CONSTANTLY HAVE TO RETWEET YOUR TWEETS
WORST NIGHT EVER I wonder why?
WOW IT SEEMS LIKE 3 MONTHS OMG SO CUTE
WTF?! i can't deal.   Oms   he did it ona school bus. Like damn shawty wtf.
WUT FIND HIM AND GET HIS AUTOGRAPH FOR ME I WILL WORSHIP THE GROUND YOU WALK ON
Wait  how he know I have a lisp?
Wait.... So there's two Meagans? No only ONE me. Bitch. I'm orig.
Waiting for my shows to come on
Waiting for the next life to build up on candy crush is real close to cruel punishment.
Waiting on new music from #DoubleO
Walk to the business stop and everybody looking at me!!  #BossNigga
Wanna see Fast 6 again
Wanna talk about my dick but that shit is a long story
Was Nehru any where near Infidel Castro?? >> \Fidel Castro has slept with 35 000 women
Was Suppose To Go To Wrk Sat
Was it a RAF Tornado?
Watch  live right now on covering this Tornado warning in Franklin County #WesternMA
Watch when 444 hit everybody gone be on here
Watch yourself before you complain about getting ready and graduation being canceled. People and animals have lost their lives today. #Stop
Watching 50/50 with the pups and a margarita. Life is good.
Watching River Monsters. #MyIsh I love that show!
Watching West Wing on Netflix... Current episode's synopsis: Bartlet is preoccupied with a killer tornado in Oklahoma. Weird.
Watching dawn break outside the radio studio here in central London. 45 minutes more #bbcnewsday  we're live in Kenya  Oklahoma  and Uganda
Watching the 20 lb girl pit fight the 60 lb male is the funniest thing. Hold your ground girl!
Watching the Cats and Sooners at the Big 12 Championship
Way too hot to run. Dying :(
We ain't did nothing that we suppose to do cuz you my.. Shaaaaawtyyyy
We all da(homies) needa peace up an have a block party this summer
We all have secretsThe ones we keep Then the ones that are kept from us
We are spoiled by how great each Conference Finals game has been on both sides to be honest. #HighLevel
We become what we think about
We both know that aint what u really wanted to ask lol get to the point my nig
We came up From nothing UOENO it...
We could be the perfect double dates!
We don rocc the same clothes
We don't do what's right because it works. We do what's right because we're following Jesus. Keep reminding me that for a while  okay?
We don't lose friends  we just learn who our real ones are.
We eat pieces of shit like you fa Breakfast!! ...  Damn   Yall eat Pieces of Shit???
We got the remnants of hurricanes. Like Erin and Hermine years ago. Saw a funnel cloud near Wichita Falls from Hermine.
We have a serious tornado watch MY PHONE JUST WENT OFF
We have the most ignorant people in this world.
We just can't catch a break here in Oklahoma. Massive severe thunderstorm and lots of hail right now. #okwx
We lust for some trust.
We need BOXES!! BAD! Please bring boxes to Jim Thorpe on OUs campus! See my location on this tweet.
We need a big man
We need hands to unload semi and load u-hauls NOW! Mid-Del-Moore Realtors 1212 Air Depot  Midwest City. Please !
We need to all hangout again soon! But longer than last time!
We only get one story. What is yours telling the world?
We prayed also same thind. I hate disrespect. U have good night brother. I can't stay awake.
We should shape the church around the needs of the world not seek to shape the world's needs around the desires of the church. #okumc
We should talk sometime.
We tore my little sisters play house in our back yard to save our 5 week old puppy
We were like ...and he was like ....then he was like ...then he was like aaaand we're done! @
We will have Bible study tonight at Tim Black's Coffee Haven at 7:00. Many said they want to have it. Please spread the word. Thanks!
We'll be having an Alabama in Action event tomorrow to help Moore  OK. Stay tuned for details & always visit our FB:
We'll see how this goesssss
We're gonna set the summer on fire
We're not. Sitting in the driveway with the neighbors to drink!
We're standing by for a press conference out of #Oklahoma. We will live-tweet and air live on-air 104.5 FM and online #WOKVNews
We've got a lot to learn  God knows we're worth it.
Wealthy ... I like the way that sounds!!
Wearing my Oklahoma Sooners dog tag tomorrow #pray4OK
Welcome to the family!!!!!  I love the colors green and yellow...
Well  slap me & call me Nancy. I'm ready for bed. #okwx
Well  this is icing on top of a really rough week.
Well  this makes it official! #bachelorsdegree #accounting #finance   @
Well I can dance right?
Well I just found a little present in the fridge
Well I've never been to heaven  but I live in  Oklahoma! #CloseEnough #BeautifulDay
Well apparently that's what you wanted.
Well finished my freshman year with a 3.8 GPA
Well guess what I remember every little stupid thing!!
Well guys.. If the Nader comes this way I'm going to the ditch!  #nocellarprobz
Well if you weren't a fan 3-4 years ago shouldn't be now.. but NIGGA IT WASN'T YOU!
Well it don't take much  I'm a sucker for the little things
Well it shouldn't be shared with anyone you fully trust & prob in a relationship with... Gotta be smart.
Well it's been real Oklahoma I'm out this bitch  #Florida
Well not today but I'm gone need em in the future lol
Well the lake def got the best of me. #Eufaula #MemorialWeekend
Well tonight sucks! Plans ruined
Well we can't all go help out today but on the bright side i donated clothes &  donated food.
Well yeah. Anyway  I've  overhyped it. It was just like the seedy buzz of reading an iffy Alan Moore comic or something at best.
Well yes it is!  Beat the rain is my new motto. LOL #cycle @ Okie Express Auto Wash - Mustang
Well. What do ya know?
Welllllll  good thing I have a best friend who will let me stay with him for awhile..
Wen da heat loose than all da heat fans strt talkin about da lakers n okc..fuk that we tlkn bout da pacers!
Went house wife mode earlier
Went on a nice little walk this morning @ Canyon North
Went to bed at 830 last night and was still tired
Went with babe to help clean up and help people. Theses are pictures of plaza towers elementary very
Were those tweets about me earlier?
Westboro BAPTIST church at the Comfort Inn in Norman OK. #OpOK OpFuckWBC
Westboro Baptist Church Links Oklahoma Tragedy to Openly Gay NBA Star  Jason Collins.  via
Westboro Baptist Cult is going to protest at a boy's funeral who was in Plaza Towers. How sick are you?
Western Concept spots like  &  to donate 10% sales for a wk & match cust donations up to $25/ticket! #eat4tornadorelief!
Western and Hefner  that's where it's at  lol
Western is like RIGHT next to my grandparents.
What I'm about to do will probably go down as the dumbest thing I've ever done. #YOLO
What about babtist?  ok no he actually is right.. I typed westboro and it changed it to Westbrook.
What are people saying locally about #Roff  #Oklahoma? Find out here!
What do I have That's blue??
What do I wanna eat
What do Tom Cruise  Miley Cyrus and Demi Moore have in common? They have all improved their smiles with #cosmeticdentistry.
What do you do/feel when you're watching the news and they're like the tornado is headed straight for you?
What else did I miss? Is  back in Texas? Dawson's Creek back on TV? Miami Heat lose series? Romo throw an interception?
What formula did you use to figure that?? #Morbid
What goes 2 4 6 8 10 12... 48 50 52 54...\The postman's new route in Oklahoma City.
What happened to the old you?
What hurts the most is knowing that there were little kids scared to death while experiencing all that.  I would much rather it had been me.
What if a Tornado like the one that hit OC hit Jamaica doe god.. what we gonna do yow.. ??
What is goin on tnite my peeps!!!!? Im off work and tryna step out
What is she talking about?
What lol lame this is twitter I'm on like 8 topics right now lol
What store getting the fire red 5s???
What supplies are needed the most?
What the heck is this garbage. Just show me my baby boy
What to do in Oklahoma on May 24  2013: Hear Guns N' Roses  Bush  Papa ... -  (blog)
What to do today and tonight!
What to eat in this house
What you dream u gone see
What's a good Guy gotta do to feel like a girl cares? Lol foreal
What's up with these accounts liking some of my tweets from like a month ago.
What's wrong with greenville nc??
What's wrong with these people? The ratchets who love the drama or the ratchets complaining bout shit??
Whatever I pack in what's left of my house  is what I have. Anything I leave after today  is gone. Forever.
When Females try to make niggas Jealous.. they actually endup lookin like Hoes.
When I Die the Money i Can't keep  but Nigga Ima Spend it ALL kuz the Pain ain't Cheap!!
When I buy gifts for people  I always buy things that are kinda pricey. But my friends mean a lot so it's okay.
When I do   do the nasty I ALWAYS STAY PROTECTED & use the restroom right after   so I'm cool !
When I got your attention  I wasn't going to let you forget me
When I grow up I wanna be
When I went to Oklahoma they said I had an accent  what no I don't lol?
When I'm sick I'm glad I have #Glee to keep me company.
When I'm tired I usually just mumble the dumbest things
When Ur Walking down the Hallway & an Old Friend of Yours is walking in The Opposite Direction Look Down? Smile? Wave? #AwkwardSituations
When Yaya Toure blows his birthday candles off it evolves into a category 4 tornado. #ToureFacts
When a girl cries for a guy  it means she really misses him. But when a guy cries for a girl  nobody can love that girl more than him.
When can I get my clothes from SSC
When im at work i say im going to come home shower and straight to bed.
When im out in public i always gotta remind myself i have alot of tattoos
When is  coming to MWC to visit? Ellie misses him.
When it comes to hair I'm like Ron Burgondy and/or Cam Brady
When path fucks up<<<<
When people let the media influence then in an idiotic way they all #needaslap.
When people retweet a tweet of mine from hours ago I'm just like
When she does that <<<<<
When someone is argumentative about everything <<<
When the bf falls asleep on you...ain't it suppose to be the other way around?? Lol  still happy )
When us 3 gonna hangout?
When we are no longer able to change a situation  we are challenged to change ourselves. ~Victor Frankl #change #transform
When we first met  I had no idea youd become this important to me.
When we read  we fancy we could be martyrs; when we come to act  we cannot bear a provoking word.-Hannah Moore
When we stare into each other eyes>>>>
When you come home to fresh sweet tea
When you have no one to say goodmorning to <
When you run out of things to drink but could go for another 12 or so<
When you wanna try to come around  I won't be here #overit
When your  best friend  trys to make it seem like they aren't ignoring you but they really are < haha.
When your BABY brother starts txting you about girls.
When your legs can't run anymore  run with your heart.
When your little sister comes over to your apartment and eats everything <
Whenever I'm frantically waiting for something to go to twitter and tweet like crazy..
Whenever someone says  It's getting hot in here I automatically think  So take off all your clothes.
Where are his eyebrows  lord?
Where are you when I need you!?
Where is mustang? West side of the city
Where is my fucking notebook when I need it
Where is started at I-44 and SW149th.
Where the fat ones at?
Where were you when I need you??
Where you at?   you can see that shit from my house ...
Who cleans up their own prank lol not me
Who did I just tell that to??
Who forgets lyrics? Oh yeah Allison
Who got  the good bootleg movies??
Who in the fuck snitched..!
Who just called me >
Who me!? Why!?   is the most aint shit nigga I know! He need to go back to Mexico!
Who shall defend us all?
Who wanna go eat
Who wanna oovoo me?
Who wants to chill with me
Who wants to come kick it with me &  tonight?
Who wants to get breakfast tomorrow? It's on me!
Who wants to go see Fast and the Furious 6 with me this weekend!?
Who wants to go to class for me... #notfeelingit
Who wants to go to the lake with  and I!?!?!
Who wants to volunteer to bring Baylee & I food? We will buy you a snowcone with an infinite amount of gummy bears
Who's bringing me Starbucks tomorrow?
Who's down to go to the mastercraft pro wakeboard tour stop at lake Norman in 2 weeks though??
Who's house can i go to?
Who's shooting off fireworks in Norman? I'm confused.
Whoa @ work before 7 am.....it's a miracle
Whoever set off the tornado sirens in Blanchard on accident gave all of OK a heart attack. Thanks.
Whoever that is has done some moajor creepin'
Why ??? I Can't  Nth You Say !!
Why Do You Love Me by  from #SoundHound
Why I Live in Oklahoma  via
Why am I crying? I'm suppose to be happy about leaving.
Why am I sleeping in my jeans?
Why am I still sunny?
Why can't I past this level on candy crush?!
Why can't Oklahoma have an In & Out Burger? IM CRAVING IT UGH
Why did I ever take my heart away from you?
Why do I always end up getting the shit in life.... ily
Why do I always get blocked calls? Like if you really want to talk to me don't block your number.
Why do I care so freaking much?
Why do I get to places ridiculously early? It's an issue.
Why do I let you affect me so much?
Why do certain people act like I care what they think?
Why do you build me up buttercup baby just to let me down?
Why does  never get on twitter?
Why does everybody feel the need to judge one another when were all the same.
Why does shy have to hate me...
Why don't you do us both a favor  fuck off and make us a sandwich Subway Slave
Why go help no use? Not right now.
Why is Arrested Development marketed as A Netflix Original? Ummm... It isn't.
Why is Kobe and LEBRON even in the same sentence! It's just LEBRON
Why is he so red
Why is she barking at the dogs...?
Why is someone shooting fireworks right now..? People want to sleep!
Why is this still going on??? Let it gooooooooooo #immaturitytoakey
Why isn't my TL refreshing
Why must I choose between my happiness and yours? I don't like coming home and getting ignored
Why text me if you aren't gonna reply? Fucking dumbass.
Why the hell it means so much to me
Why these people got there top down? It's 63 degrees you ain't cool you're a tool
Why weren't we able  to see the signs that we missed?
Why would you do it? I would never do it..
Why would you get in your car and take pictures?! You are just in the way. People need help not publicity!!!!
Why you got yourself 4 times? Does it enhance how we will view you? It doesn't? Okay so why? Lol
Why's he at your house?
Whyyyyyy does my throat hurt.
Whyyyyyyyyy did I even come stay in this town. My lil bro won't even hang out with me....  #unloved #trend
Will i go to sleep right now.. Probably not cause my mind thinks its summer......... Rt
Willaim and I will use our native powers on it
Williamsburg is under a tornado watch. Expect heavy rain & high winds. Stay safe!
Wind 0 mph NNE. Barometer 29.79 in  Steady. Temperature 65.3 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 92%
Wind 0 mph S. Barometer 29.86 in  Rising slowly. Temperature 56.1 F. Rain today 1.13 in. Humidity 95%
Wind 1 mph NE. Barometer 29.77 in  Falling slowly. Temperature 65.3 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 91%
Wind 1 mph NE. Barometer 29.79 in  Steady. Temperature 64.8 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 89%
Wind 1 mph NW. Barometer 29.78 in  Rising quickly. Temperature 67.3 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 89%
Wind 1 mph SSW. Barometer 30.13 in  Rising slowly. Temperature 64.9 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 89%
Wind 1 mph W. Barometer 29.94 in  Steady. Temperature 80.8 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 57%
Wind 12 mph SE. Barometer 29.94 in  Steady. Temperature 72.3 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 91%
Wind 2 mph ESE. Barometer 29.95 in  Rising slowly. Temperature 66.2 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 93%
Wind 2 mph NE. Barometer 30.07 in  Steady. Temperature 78.3 F. Rain today 0.70 in. Humidity 77%
Wind 2 mph NE. Barometer 30.11 in  Rising. Temperature 61.7 F. Rain today 0.70 in. Humidity 92%
Wind 2 mph SSW. Barometer 30.07 in  Falling slowly. Temperature 72.1 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 86%
Wind 3 mph ENE. Barometer 29.72 in  Falling. Temperature 58.1 F. Rain today 0.84 in. Humidity 96%
Wind 3 mph S. Barometer 29.74 in  Rising slowly. Temperature 72.0 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 89%
Wind 3 mph SSE. Barometer 29.75 in  Steady. Temperature 76.5 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 86%
Wind 3 mph SSE. Barometer 29.93 in  Steady. Temperature 63.0 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 85%
Wind 3 mph SSE. Barometer 30.11 in  Falling slowly. Temperature 63.0 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 92%
Wind 4 mph S. Barometer 29.69 in  Steady. Temperature 77.2 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 77%
Wind 4 mph S. Barometer 29.74 in  Steady. Temperature 86.0 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 68%
Wind 4 mph S. Barometer 29.78 in  Steady. Temperature 74.7 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 80%
Wind 4 mph SSE. Barometer 29.82 in  Rising slowly. Temperature 72.3 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 85%
Wind 5 mph S. Barometer 29.77 in  Falling slowly. Temperature 77.7 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 74%
Wind 5 mph SSE. Barometer 30.01 in  Steady. Temperature 68.7 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 96%
Wind 5 mph SSE. Barometer 30.15 in  Steady. Temperature 72.5 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 85%
Wind 6 mph NE. Barometer 30.09 in  Rising slowly. Temperature 63.3 F. Rain today 0.70 in. Humidity 91%
Wind 6 mph S. Barometer 29.99 in  Falling slowly. Temperature 81.5 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 73%
Wind 6 mph SSE. Barometer 29.68 in  Steady. Temperature 75.6 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 79%
Wind 6 mph SSE. Barometer 29.81 in  Rising slowly. Temperature 75.6 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 78%
Wind 7 mph S. Barometer 29.83 in  Rising slowly. Temperature 79.2 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 68%
Wind 7 mph SSE. Barometer 29.79 in  Steady. Temperature 75.7 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 77%
Wind 8 mph N. Barometer 30.06 in  Rising quickly. Temperature 65.7 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 91%
Wind 8 mph SE. Barometer 30.16 in  Steady. Temperature 79.2 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 78%
Wind 9 mph SSE. Barometer 29.94 in  Rising slowly. Temperature 75.0 F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 84%
Wisdom from a survivor   you're going to see things that will live with you forever #okwx #PrayForOklahoma #recovery
Wish  could've made it to my house tonight. Miss her!! Wanna cry with her right now!! So happy she's ok.
Wish I could make the front page...
Wish I had a relationship half as good as  &  even a relationship.
Wish I was in Enid  Oklahoma this next week #startwalking
Wish I was there...
Wish I would have remembered those plans #
Wish My Bestfriend Wouldn't Have Canceled On Me
Wish me and  weren't lame and actually had something to do tonight.. #OneDay
Wish my bestie  was still here! She would go!
Wish oomf would text me..
Wish they would get this unit fixed so I can get the fuuuuu out of here!!!!!
With one heckler saying took you long enough!   STANDING OVATION FOR THE BOY SCOUTS.
With that being said Volleyball shorts >>>> anything else on earth
With these guys on the river!:) So much fun!
Wk   we don't have tornado  but we have waterspout...
Woke up from a long ass nap in my feelings
Woke up sore asf & shit <<<<
Woman are for friendship. Man are for fucking. - Sex and The City
Won't waste negative emotions on people who aren't even worth recognition. This tho
Wonder if  knows I'm in here house?.....  Lolol I didn't even see this til now lmao
Wondering if I crossed your mind today..
Working out and gettin some shots up.. Good morning y'all.
Working with the poor is far greater than working for the poor. True change can only happen in the WITH. Christ is the with us Savior.
Workout? Nah  I'd rather pick up a 6 pack than a dumbbell.
Would be wonderful to hear more about your work in Oklahoma over here.  Nothing on CNN.  Major Helen Farmer  South Africa.
Would it make me a loser if I favorited my own tweets?
Would yall believe if I said I was in love .??
Would you believe me if I said I'm in looooove?wit money right?
Woulda got a room or swam away if we were fuckin lol
Wow I can't believe how unreal this day has been. Daddy catsack out
Wow if you have a boy you're going to name him what i said I'd name my kid when I have one? #fuckyou #livid #haveagirl
Wow its raining and your gunna make me walk to work? Wtf....
Wow we just quoted that.
Wow. I've never seen a sky that dark. Lightning strikes happening and bad weather brewing.
Writing Curriculum...Still...#education Much needed!
Wtf is happening first people bombed  and shooting  factory that got burned  tornado  now a bridge collapsed seriously what's happening :-(
Wtf lol I hate people on days like today
Xbox one doesn't look that great really.
Y'all can have twitter tonight! LEBRON FUCKIN JAMES! #MVP
Y'all gotta stop using the term caller ID lol  it sound so outdated.
Y'all just trying to mess up something good.
Y'all understand drinking isn't cool. It's stupid
YASS. HUNTY!!!  Lol. Im working 8 days straight this week and that is Never happening again. Lol
YAWN I'm already tired as fuck
YOU COME TO MY HOUSE  DISRESPECT MY AUTHORITY  EAT MY FOOD & SMOKE MY WEED  THE FUCK YOU THINK YOU ARE
YOU DON'T HAVE TO KNOW! I'll save your life if you drown!!
Ya girl it's on You know what it is when I finally make it homeI just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone..
Yall 'n that like u actually know sumn bout the song lol...yall too young
Yall better be ready for kenoria next year!
Yall got a handshake! Thats it!lmaooo
Yall just now hearing million dollar pussy its irky asf!
Yall niggas trippin if I was a nigga my honey dip Bee Dee would be straight CUFFED! #----Right tho
Yall sime loco ass niggas
Yay they finally got a tarp over my roof so no more leaks! @ The Greens At Moore Apartments
Yea I know I saw that girl somewhere
Yea. It's been exhausting. @ Darwin Motorcycles World Headquarters
Yeah  Briarwood was hit hard. Plaza Towers though is arguably worse.
Yeah  I'll grab them in an hour or 2!
Yeah I do you just don't fwm <\3
Yeah I know lol I don't even have 200
Yeah I shouldn't have ate that cereal #FatGirlProbzzz
Yeah especially if the heat go to the Finals damn bandwagoners!
Yeah maybe  shouldn't hash tag more than twice in one tweet
Yeah so you don't know what the things I'm saying
Yeah sorry  but probably not gonna happen..
Yeah this movie theater is packedd
Yeah you know I had to do it .
Yeah. I just need some shingles and new front window.
Yeah. Idk how people are that ignorant.
Yeah....... I might not go..
Yee doggy just made that test my slave!!
Yeeen gotta Fuck hella niggas to Feel good about yoself!
Yep Pacers showing why they young two late ill advised shots!
Yep. I love you!
Yep. That's Mr. Rococo. @ Stars & Stripes Park
Yes  we had a glitch in the system on that day.
Yes I am....   You ain't no nun. You don't gotta lie to kick it.
Yes I'm n my feelings.. We been away frm eachother 4 to damn long & yo ass gonn give me the silent treatment.. Duh I'm mad .
Yes They Told Me I Was Going To Hell Cause Im a Fan Of Chris. Because I'm a Christian!!
Yes ur! praise Him! The Lord of Lords The King of Kings!!!
Yes you are blessed  take advantage do your best.
Yes- The  can check/send as news source  thx. The state has a roster if you've gotten one in past. Most ppl a long time :)
Yes. I've seen others too. I just don't understand how fucking hard it is to ask someone if there is any way you could help.
Yesss the benefit is on my day off
Yo  Johnny finally made it home boys!  Nice VILLA.
Yo  Thanks for muting the Grindhouse. Pretty sure y'all won't ever do anything about OKC. The Double Standard continues.
Yo clutch cost $600 n u left it in the dressing room
Yo girl suck me up more than the tornado
You Wasnt There   You Dont Know What Happened !
You a emotional mf I tell yah lol get over it cuz life aint going no Where
You aint gotta like a nigga just respect my mind
You always find the words to say
You always know what to say to calm me down (**)
You and your problems are SOOO annoying.
You are exactly what I want.
You are not a virgin got caught!!!  yes I am.
You are one dumb freshman
You aren't allowed to favorite my tweets if you can't text me back
You been wasting your time bro.
You better know that in the endIt's better to say too muchThan to never to say what you need to say again
You better not be talking about who I think you are.
You can also donate to the Regional Food Bank by texting the word FOOD to 32333. #Oklahoma #Moore
You can be my dirty little secret
You can look me in the eye & say i ain't myself.
You can shut your trap.
You can talk to other females but not me? oh
You can't be #TeamFreak if you ain't willing to do it all!
You can't call somebody a Bitch ass nigga then say You gonna pray for his dumb ass that is so backwards
You can't eff with people like that! That's a sick joke.
You did an awesome job and YOU helped save lives. I appreciate you showing compassion and realism.
You don't eva listen  Smh Morgan don't Neva listen .
You don't have to tell me twice. Haha
You don't see him over there?? Look at the red ass face and big ass titties!!!  #ewwwww
You ever seen a sexy ass MILF and then you look at the daughter and she looks like igorOmar
You figure it out I'm not telling you. It's obvious.
You getting me now
You gone take that money  If Tyler Perry comes up to you about possibly being in one of his new projects  RUN.
You got a bf I can't talk to yah
You gotta Kno  Everything that Glitter aint Gold!
You gotta do something to be remember as
You gotta listen to Country music for a good story.
You guys are so wierd
You guys: JD McPherson  'Scratching Circles'  via  #tonight #music4moore
You had me at meat tornado.
You have to bring Doritos
You have your own place in Norman?
You just might see  a different side of me
You keep knockin On the Devils door long enough  Someone Gone eventually Open it up!
You kilt me cause to girls didn't DM me already
You know I subtweeted myself two night ago because I was just that awesome
You know I'm bored when I decide to clean my room.
You know what's cool? Having a teenaged son who wants to work out with you.
You know you can stand in the middle of a tornado and not get a scratch on you..
You loot  they shoot. #news #okwx #nationalguard
You made it! :D I still have 3 years -_-
You make a big deal out of nothing.
You need a foxy picture now!
You need to keep up with Twitter  Snapchat  and Texting Are you Okayy? It's been 8minutes
You really did though. Lol!
You said you wouldn't let them change the way you act.. But yet I can tell your changing.
You should go try it ?!
You should know me better then that but whatever
You should never envy talent because you have it within you. #talent #self #boysgottaeat #inspiring #Oklahoma #PowerofOne #simplythebest
You stole 10 months away from me. You said you loved me.
You stupid little dinosaur.-  in response to Chris Bosh making his free throw #NBAPlayoffs
You think im kidding! ASK!!
You too?  I don't like Mary Fallin
You took freshmen 15 to a whole new level lololol
You trippin.. I know  thank you..I swear you still tweetin bout that same nigga aren't you..
You wanna be more than just friends.I can't go through this again.
You were all over him last night. Why?
You will never know what truly goes on in my head...
You'll always be mine.
You'll never shine  if you don't glow.
You're gonna miss me when I'm gone.
You're long gone  and moved on.
You're one bridge I'd like to burn.
You're quite welcome. Been kinda crazy today.
You're watchin me.. I been watchin you
You're what I describe as perfect.Thanks
You've been ignoring me all damn day  at least when I'm trying to have a serious conversation you could answer me.
You've defeated me Psychopathology and Offending Behaviour. Bed time. Tomorrow I can rejoin the real world - dafuq's this about Oklahoma?
Your car caused a tornado. - filthy  crazy person at bus stop or
Your doing it to yourself.
Your head must be really fucked up then... Extremely!
Your heart with ears  your maximum gentle courtesy  your simple provision of supports helps that fade in ways little else can at first. #OKC
Your in the Marines but you can fly a helicopter but you to scared to drive a car? Yiur 22 years old with no license #thefuck!?
Your light will shine when all else fades.
Your love is a one in a million it goes on and on and on.
Your not worth it!! #donewithyou
Your opinion of me does not define who I really am.
Your popcorn sucked fool!
Yup. Cuddling with a stuffed sting ray and watchin the Avengers.   #goodchoice
Zack looks like a handsome young man in his avi
Zoey is super excited about wedding weekend! #DBWedding13
[NPR News Update] Amid Nails and Mud  Oklahoma Neighborhood Pulls Together
\\THERE'S A TORNADO NEAR MY TOWN SO CAN ONE ((or all)) OF U PLS FOLLOW ME SO I CAN DIE HAPPY
__________ want to try and make it.
a day before my birfday.
a lot of My Family are Retired Firefighters so this Hurts. #FirefightersarefamilyforLife
a vapor you're gay
actually  I'm pretty sure I have after school detention.
actually just sweets in general
actually they can because police have the tendency to power hungry assholes. A friend texted her asking her to pick him up..
ah damn. Oh well at least they were cool about it
ah that it sick
ah! I must have unfollowed you by accident! #stupidphone
ahhhhh  it was so worth it to clean the house.
aight you got my number ill be here for ya just let me know
ain't no fun unless ya boy is there!!
all I do is turn up!!!
all I wanna do is play baseball.
all guys need to read this
all over my TL right now!!! #Loved
all the fun is in the road trip though!!
alot of damage parts of Ok.. Round 3 tomorrow
already ahead of you. Carrying precious cargo.
alright ! But on what? Lol. I need to fix my go karts!
alright I will tell my mom
alright bro wish you were hereBro you have no idea man!! But ill be there at the big one in a couple weeks
alright cool who you going with No one  I have no one to  go wid
alright she's taking you up here ?
also View uses all resources at start for best quality  loss-less.  HDX is built to be lossy
always say I'm going to bed early  but it never ends up happening.
amazing watching both of you in other roles then this its very good and funny
amen. The reality for me is that I'll have this debt no matter what. The church doesn't have to pay it.
and I are fishing today and she's gonna take them off the hook cause I'm scared
and I find your inquiries into my maturity slightly hypocritical considering your name is chase maehem
and I generally hangout on alternating sundays for general horseplay
and I got to go on a date tonight!!! Now were watching the movie Father of Lights! #blessed
and I'm about to go on a long drive   I need to clear my head
and i have been following each other for over a year and a half. Take that british boy
and pray to be only yours \only hope-mandy moore
and you would've got beat the fuck up too
andale pues siguele eh!! lol trust me its getting done monday night and tuesday before class!! Lol
any shoe with a good color way is gonna look good.. I just hate bright ass colors.. Keep it basic.
any word on your spot or nah?
anyone wanna do something tonight?
anyone with a big HD tv wanna watch the Grizzlies game tonight? no
anything Justin Moore sings is perfection. ????????????????
anyways get that knee healed so I can see you get ran over in games lol
apparently it was a fluke but I'll keep believing it's true. IDGAF
are a bunch of idiots and like to entrap people and arrest them for no reason. Your pathetic for even making a big deal about
are the severe storms this week going to be capable of large  long tracking tornados? #okwx
are we allowed to drink it now?
are you at work rn?
are you fucking kidding me - me every two seconds
are you going to come back ever?
are you okay?? What happened??
are you on no disturb thing
are you quoting high school musical to me. Straight to my heart.
are you where you could call me?
art c @ the movies yo
ask him a question.. Then he'll probably tweet back. Or be sassy haha
ask him. im sure he does
ass not have a taste?
at da movies ill call u when im out ..?
at least you thought it was good
awe you're breaking my heart
awe!! I'm going to miss you to
awh  thanks Lee! miss you too
awh Sarah! my emotions are already crazy haha I'm so ready to see him!
awh! I want one so bad!
awwwww I know she was lovely remember she ran at Zoe Moore xx
aye cn u do me a favor
bahahahahha I woulda too! Was it at the station?
basically when  & I hangout we just get high n watch movies n eat food n talk shit to eachother
be a nanny with me
be honest with me . that's all I ask for .
be on that broke Nappy head nigga problemsI got money like you got law mowers... Lmao
because he is wearing a dada shirt & timberlands with shorts lol
because its amazing  and it would look really cool
because our lights are fucked due to the lighting
because that almost never happens.
because you just way too smart !!
been so long since being on watching defiance
being the youngest served her well because she was able to observe and learn
best tweet rtrtrt  We live in a generation where kids complain and ask for a lot  even though we have way more than we need.
bet my whole algebra class failed not the final but the class.
big storms passing thru upstate NY right now...possible tornado producing...my GH may be interrupted today.
biggest surprise was the depth and quality of their education and work experience
bihh please  you ain't got no plans
bitch who is u where u come from u fuckiinDumbBitch U still writtin for wat.#like tf I said lockormove tf around!
bitches always talkin bout head  but they pussy be stinkin. smh.
blowing up my moore friends & they're parents. don't worry about why i have the parents numbers  just know them niggas ain't respondin!
booooooy  put that on yo life!!!!!!
both oklahoma senators voted no on hurricane sandy relief & are supporters to get rid of FEMA. hmmm.
bout to straighten my hair.
bring me a roast beef with cheese. I'm starving
bring yo sister and the dishes
bro beans he is the best
bro beans. He is whack
bro hook me up with a job
bro.... You don't have to dive in it during position drills like we do lol
bums  thats why  Why everybody gotta be sleep
but I am... I just act immature. You dont even know me.
but I don't feel like talking!  I like writing better
but no one will take me..
but really  that mental image makes me slightly uncomfortable...
but we need to get TURNT UP NIGHA
but you wouldn't know..
but! They never showed gravity adjustment on Star Trek  no matter how big or small of a planet they landed on.
bye guys miss you already
call for medical assistance to administer tetanus shots. Pls read in reverse
can I know who it is ?
can my hair grow faster or
can you do me a favor and slide your thirsty ass on out of my dms
can't help with work/ life but computers are my thing.
cannot wait for the benefit concert!!!!!!!!
cardinals telecast just gave you and your son some TV time. They didnt know who you were though. Lol
carry on my wayward son  my favorite song of all time
cause we are out having a blast
check out this Oklahoma company!! This is the kind of state we are #oklahoma
click on the human head on the left side of the page in the middle.
coach adams be getting on my nerves now.
coach white just told me there's practice....
cole world below freezing out here for kam
come back and we can tan together
come get me then
come to Oklahoma Manila.??
conner is always high and funny
cool  school ruined my sleeping schedule
country music... Worse than dying.
course you do. I mean  NORMAL people  Ki  NORMAL  not you  people.
ctfu okay nigga yunno my phone go af and be killin itLol. Get the fuck out my mentions nigga.
cute shoes are dangerous
cy young type of player
dad: what's on your neck?me: ask cierracierra: I destroyed her.
damn all bad... y'all just gotta keep driving around the lil camp sites until u see it I guess.
damn how deep are you ?? Snap chatting lol
damn ok my mouth is zipped
damn then she got a problem lol
damn you took that joke to heart I see... Smh relax!
damn.. gotta be so mean?   fuck u get out my mentions
damn.... Bye  faggot ass! they aren't even good!
dedication is a problem for a few players
did #oomf just like my photo
did I just see you?
did friends give you the falcon award scholarship?
did they send u home? Or where r u helpin out at?
did y'all even go to the lake last night?
did you find out what camp you got for this summer?
did you see the link I retweeted earlier of his flops? Hilarious.
did you turn it off and turn it back on yet?
diesel attacked a dog yesterday... I am so heartbroken.... like I feel like he's been lying to me.
do it bro fuck Oklahoma
do you get they pic I texted u?
does anyone wanna go shopping tomorrow
does it make a difference lol
does this mean the girls will have a home when they arrive. If not  is an experienced wilderness camper
doesn't know how to text back. Some bestfriend you are
don't be a dummy  cum on her tummy.
don't be playing games with my heart.
don't even ask me how that happened tho. I can't tell you. I legit thought I had happy  not Jason lol
don't get me started lol I think I'd love it tho!
don't know how #confused
don't make me come back there & slap you.
don't say that! I got you
don't you hate that
done messed around and got a triple double.
doubt that's going to happen.
dude I was at the irving mall movies and they did that too! Hahahah
dude is a hot mess  looks like a confused skateboarding longshoreman who has a penchant for sailing.
dude jalee I need to know
dude the last hour in Spain is some of the best action I've ever seen in a movie
dude why can't I swim
eat that damn broccoli  woman.
eddygraw: Still Got Her Perfume On Me ur own gud o''Lol.rydee nor asee norman eii.. fr wer??
eghhhhh I'm going home for the weekend so fuck it ha
eh I'd rather have a cowboy but you can be second
entry time I go out you know I bring dat doe out
errrmuhguurd  i want my boyfriend to buy me this purse. these earrings. & this necklace.
even the ants on the side walk!
everybody is up at this time lol
ew. Cows are delightful like you .
exactly what I said last night they are stealing my thunder hahaha
fantastic. The boys will make you wonder what you were doing in your teens  that's how talented they are.
father shut down my plans to wear orange tonight...
feel like i've never eatin so much in my life.
fire is the friend. a mini bonfire
first of all! I said virgin EARS  second of all  I am! Try again
fool I have my own drug cartel. Coach Ross knows about it.
for a good night tweet!!
for anyone that wants to help??? We are gonna need or at gmas.. I don't know... I doubt there would be.
forget everyone who hasn't replied to me. it's cool. i ain't even gone lean on it no mo.
forgot to add #FU
fuuunny think he likes me? He's bad!
gah it sucks playing w/o a 2nd superstar (Dwade no show) but wait you guys have bosh
gay marriage did *not* cause the oklahoma tornado. obamacare caused the oklahoma tornado.
gayest. stay safe tweet. ever.
get on some more bulls duh!!
get ready AMERICAN YOUR FAVORITE PICKERS ARE BACK MONDAY CAN U HANDLE IT!  CAN'T WAIT!  #Americanpickers
get up n at em lol
get your ass in the cellar!!!!
girl if I didn't have my son  I would. Do you work Friday morning?
girl these niggas den fucced everything up
girl who you playin w.? back that ass up.
give me Chloe's number please!
give me earthquakes any day.
glad all of Edmond north came to see  graduate
go ahead... Rub it in! Lol
go burn yourself with matches
go for it.  I'm having fun while I'm young haha
go hard or go home right ?
go read my drinking tweets
go with us . I can only bring one person. cause there's already too many people going.
going to the movies this weekend with Cori >
gonna be awesome!  Make sure to pack your cowboy boots and hats!
good ! Things can be replaced  people can't !
good advice! Thank you! Still waiting. Looking forward to getting away from the tv today no matter what happens!
good look on that Internet lol
good luck  we had to feel our way around about 10 road blocks.
good morning  & follow back love ?
good morning  Mike. I'll try to keep tweeting today #wishididnthavetowork
good morning  have a nice day
good morning beautiful:) u sleep good?
good morning love  have a nice day
good question! We're all winners as long as we can watch the bloopers over the end credits!#CannonballRun3 #DomDeluise
good! It needs to be!
good. I want no part in high school pranks. Lol.
good. Just make a random username?
goodnight   sweet dreams  don't let the bed bugs bite
got about 3 hours of sleep.. That's cool
got me up all night.
got so hungry while at my doctors appointment that she walked across the street to sonic
gotta make this money
great feeling: seeing UT fans at #Big12BSB & knowing UT didn't even qualify. #boomsoon #txstillsucks
guess what Laura- when radio pundits bash Romney conservatives stay home. Thanks Erickson and Levin. Purity sucks.
gurl  I ate enough for an army
guy asking Siri if he should kill himself is now talking about seeing Taylor Lautner make out with a guy
guys  IT'S THE LAST DAY
ha hahahah I love you
ha well I'm just an intern
ha! I'll finish nursing school in December. What about you good sir?
had him thinkin' I was frfr. Smh.stfu you annoying pheasant. Fuck you  Brendan.
haha #rage how bad is your car?
haha I ain't going anywhere. Ill be in town. Everyone else is going to the lake I guess. And no one wants to go to ada.
haha I just kept hitting refresh starting at 9:58
haha I think that was supposed to either be a compliment or a pick up line..
haha all the I love you Norman  you saved me ect..it wrks but  I'm 30 kinda 2 old 4 fangirl stuff lol. xx
haha and what makes you say that?
haha but really we use to sing it all the time!
haha some people like that.. what?!
haha sooo worth it! Plus he never said anything so
haha there's still a lot left
haha ya I didn't go home!! Thank you for checking though!!
haha yea right. I like it here. Unless u can get me a job. Tell Elisa I said hi
haha yeah that too! so annoying!
haha yup! Luckily I have AppleCare  so on Friday I'll go get it fixed for $50
haha. I bet it's worth it! Love and miss you!
haha. Right?! I didn't ever realize how good it is for you! I put it in a smoothie earlier with apples and peanut butter.
hahah! I probably never would have met him though. Or you.
hahaha OMG. That was my favorite episode.
hahaha until all the things you have ever owned is thrown inside a tornado lol
hahaha you'll get it before me... so sad smh go get yours fool!
hahaha. It's all a joke.
hahahaha yes! We need to go there again!!!
hahahaha! She woke me up after that!
hahahahaha #yougotjokes we both will be gone.
half dollar sized hail @ Duncan OK - 52mi NE of Wichita Falls TX
half of it! Lol. But I'm okay  and that's all that matters!
half the tweets i tried to send never sent thanks to patchy cell serv in ks and ok
happppy happpy birthday pretty girl (: I love you !!! Have an amazing night and be careful
happy birthday melissa dont let the zombies get on ur special day....
happy birthday pretty girl  love you
has given me one of the best graduation gifts ever!! #beerchest
has never seen Anchorman. WHAT THE FINUCK
has to be one of these
have I asked you lately to marry me?
have fun on your first day (:
he a gawd. but he aint really got followers  more like slaves.
he ate the bones guys.
he came in way too hot over played that fool...
he can clearly be gay...family experiences...poor grandpa Bielich...
he got the part that will fix my window! Lol
he has other colors too. Expect to see the blue one today.
he sexy  huh? I'd suck green beans outta his ass hole.. Even tho I don't like green beans or lick ass!
he was considering Arkansas and Texas before he realized he wouldn't even have a chance to make it to a bowl game. #pigsooie
he was with his wife an all they was talkin bout was how I should get in school
he's totally nice. I got to give him the grand tour of UCO's dorms ;)
he's trying to be all hard! Seen it a million times!
head stays in the clouds like a lost kite
hell naw u got me fucc'd up just cause the lightning bolts ain't playing tonight don't mean u can change my tweet
hell naw! Lmao. Hurry up && come back home!
hell naww but who had 20
hell yeah! I'm gettin my membership there at 10 tomorrow
hell you were not hot before or now.
helllll yeah I'm down the street from Moore high school lol
helpin out in Moore tomorrow. join me too bro
hes not an asshole like you.
hey  come see my new house!
hey  why arent you tweeting back? You're might need to change your name because you ain't poppin no anus today. Faggot ass.
hey I love you more
hey I work there! But I'm off today :(
hey if they win the title  I have no problem with it. Anyone but Miami
hey lance  if you are out here  my food truck is in front of the warren theatre serving free philly cheesesteaks!!!!
hey miss you k love you bye
hey what are you doing today?? My rents came to see me  and then I work at 5  what's up??
hickies look weird on black people  lol.
hitting the gym with my moms
hoes needa stay in they place!
honestly allen just go into tornado mode
hope a tornado hits your show. And blows you all the way back to boston! #mustyassniggah
hope to God ur not doing round-the-clock reporting late today/overnight like they are up here  not looking good down there
hope you're alright man
hopefully Thursday goes as planned
hopefully soon when these ugly asses wake upWho opening it?
hoping you won't have a job come tomorrow.
how ah summer been
how are you already dating someone else? you just got out of a relationship
how do you know thats really who it is?
how my dad finds out everything about me <
how to murder someone :tell em you love em  & then never speak to them again.
how's the dead life going?
however Edmond is still trending on twitter and Shawnee isn't... Haha
humans were made in Gods image they were perfect until the garden then we were separated from God making us imperfect...
i ain't fuckin with toys ass.. one text is all im limited too!
i be typing all this shit  but don't be saying a damn word.
i can NEVER sleep in #thestruggle
i cant seem to find molly  
i did some things but that's the old me.
i didnt hit my head silly duckling
i dont even know what to do now.
i go to douglas now
i got killas watchin  niggas watchin  bitches watchin me too!
i guess badass people get the same books
i hate when my phone decides to act ignorant when i wanna hang up in someones face.
i honestly hate u bye.
i hope you can come to my house because we.will.fight allday! My mom dont get.off till 8 lol
i hope you have  at your benefit  if he can be there:-) Hope But Its Ok If He Can't. #okie
i just got back we went to hideaway cove but we went to the cut
i just got hung up on
i just want people to contact me. i need to know whos all okay.
i just want too sleep.
i like how you re tweeted one person's tweet about a Jersey  and then everyone else said something about Jersey to get a
i love how famous people are praying for us! #prayforoklahoma
i love you. Take shelter.
i make the dumbest mistakes on math tests like i'm pretty sure mr moore gets a good laugh while grading my tests??
i need someone to call..
i need to get my eyebrows done ASAP!!
i promise you  i could take a nap all day & wake up & still be tired.
i talk a lot of shit for someone who panics while ordering food at restaurants DIS HOE
i want all white sparkly toms .
i'm just going to take a nap  the mood swings kill the mood.
i'm really craving a cream puff right now but if you followed me i'd give it up for you! love you lots norman :)
i'm so demanding when it comes to branyale. smh
i've been out almost a year.... heck yeah i feel that way.
idiot! Armitage was taking the piss  Moore was having a go.
idk   I really have no idea!
if I get to volunteer there is a strong possibility that I will be helping log calls on the radios. Not out in it. Ill be safe! <3
if im ugly then you're gay and thats it.
if our love's insanity  why are my clarity? #zedd
if someone messaged you one day with the Gt SoaR Spaceman Jr how would you react
if that's at my @ me next time .
if they wanna see my soft side  sweet side  my best side I just point at you.
if you loved me.. You would go..
if you never got fucked up before i feel bad for you.. lol  you missing out.
il bring you some water ;) Move around. #YaBish
ill be putting pictures up on Facebook.
ill figure it out eventually lame
ill just DM you my #
ill miss you too whit! See ya soon
ill trade you some  never had rabbit stew but I'm game!
im barely on my 5th one! :/ im so behind!!
im finna travel all over the world going to different partys
im really such a lady. my eyes just a lillower.
im running on no sleep. and im wearing the same clothes as yesterday.
im scares to get my clit pierced ... like wht if my body rejects it ? yolo
ima be at Penn Square Saturday! come see me!
ima need yu to follow me back
in Moore there was pea sized hail 10 minutes ago
in OKC right now  should get back late tonight. I'll holla tomorrow and maybe we can meet at North for a few hours.
in pl===========Sorry I can't do anything right.
in the video of Better dig 2 you kind of do.
is a selfless person. That is such an amazing act of kindness.
is awesome  Love ya Marla Moore from your family @ Gospel Sounds Radio Network  check us out #MyGSRN.
is blowing up twitter!! You love it.
is complicated but idk nobody answering or anything .
is getting Vine famous tonight yalllllll. #donthateus
is going anorexic cause she doesn't wanna pay for food
is in top form tonight! The ONLY person I wanna talk to right now.
is it good i have it and haven't watched it?
is it quite slippery?
is it really that important that ya still talking about it ? let it go   it aint ya's problem .
is it weird that I find JFK attractive
is lecturing on ethics in social media for #SUSI2013 people. #SUSI
is nice enough to pick me up and take me to a nice steak house. #histreat #greatguy
is obvs the bestest for gettin me drank
is so beautiful. I wish I could be like her. She is such a princess
is that even a question..?
is that right? Whats good? DM me
is the best cousin ever.  I love her so so much.
is the best!!! 1 million dollar donation!!
is the most beautiful and confident #idol I know! So glad you won American Idol!
is there a way to watch bachelor bloopers tonight? You did not show it at 7:00. After watching hours of Moore I needed a change
is thig of all thugs for thowing another party .... Noooo ignorant people
is today going down?
is truly my best friend. (: I freaking love you.
isn't that crazy! Even looks like Jesus' thorns around it
it ain't nobody's business  but mine & my baby.
it ain't on there I been looking
it drives me crazy when people dont know the difference between 'than' and 'then.' #learnenglish
it hurts my feelings
it is...  I still shot -5 though.
it just be like that sometimes.
it looks less suspicious.  .-. Don't let him fool you Maddie.
it made me SO sad seeing them :(
it popped up and went away
it sucks so bad that me and  are going threw the same thing.
it would be okay if you didn't capitalize every word.
it's a good show.. I couldn't stop watching it!
it's been. Few years since I've actually been able to sleep good
it's cold out hereon god bruh
it's not easy having all of my #swag dance skillz.
it's not hard being real with someone. It's really not
it's not on this late or I would be
it's okay  we sucked
it's smart ass pricks like you that make me hate Choctaw. Don't give a shit about anyone else's feelings.
it's so hot in here
it's such a great song.
it's summer  and i don't even want to stay up late.
it's the first day? Lol
its a good song Roger I like it Jims gotta sweet solo! And a personal thanks for hanging up the sombrero I got u in the back.
its all at EP :( but I think I got something lol
its from wedding crashers I thought that's what this was about....awkward.. lol
ive never really talked to a light skin before.. lol.
jealousy is an ugly trait!  Jk Jk! Love you bishhhh!
jomari is such a good friend .
just Saturday! Then I'm goin to the lake Sunday!
just a high five and then you're gone? Dang... :(
just at my house with some friends!
just got my little brother home from six flags. Never been so happy to see him.
just let me know and we can go to yellow!
just name the time and the place. GAME
just said I will bite your tongue. Excuse me??
just saw Moore. this doesnt seem real.
just sittin at home While my brother goes out and gets turnt up...
just walked out of the casino with 800 dollars my dude!
keep up the great work #justice4Travis
keyante need ta be my dick prince.Y'all needa move around.
kids these days huh lol
know a woman dt got a divorce after 40yrs of marriage. Dt I cn neva understand
knowing our farthers..you'll be there all night! Lol
lamb  chicken  or beef?  Don't just give half of the news man! #shawarmaisgood
let me finish lol. See I wasn't talking about yall
let me get that butt.
let me know if you get to go! That's my #1 choice  then OU then UCO. I'm just confused about if OSU is the best place for me
let me know if you need anything! I have an open bedroom..
let me know what you think.
let me screen shot these messages to Shia right quick .
let me switch it up
let's get thingz locked in real soon!
let's go eat dim sum lol
let's not kill Cordell it's always gonna e funny if we kill him
let's put the past behind us. & go far away where nobody can find us.
lets be real. I probably did  but I was just typing  a quick tweet  I didn't even care. but thanks!
lets pull the trigger and do it!
letting go of someone you love can be hard sometimes.
lies ... I aint got no missed calls
like I said. Heat in 5!
like across from rivendell I'm pretty sure..
like what is there to do  uggh.
live from #OK. Extraordinary picture worth clicking on -- Two men  a flag discovered in #Moore.
lmao I was dead serious tho!
lmao u ain't funny! But I had got busy with work. Sorry!!ima text u today tho.
lmao! I have plenty of videos! I'll show you this weekend when I come down!
lmao! Thank you best friend :))))
lmao... There's a reason everyone likes me!  cuz I keep it
lmaooo...  why everybody gotta make fun of my lisp tho?
lmaooo... I can't find it )))):
lmfao YAY! hangout with me when I get off tonight
lol  I liked it till I realized who you really we're .
lol  I'm looking forward to this
lol  are you trynna have my name match yours?
lol  my guess is that you're naked?
lol  no I'm not. It hurts and nobody wants to help me. Nobody trying to mess with a nasty ass back pimple
lol I dead be getting mad if they don't stay up until I go to sleep !
lol I guess you never wont me to rt anything like that again?
lol I may just try it out then
lol I really don't either. I do get annoyed when people like that have those unwarranted feelings though.
lol I was sleep bro..headed to work but dm me ur number and ill send em to u today
lol I'm not eating sandwich that you making
lol I'm not scared of dogs!
lol I'm still waiting on my food to cook
lol I'm trying to blow though
lol fasho  niggas be carhopping at two in the morning. Lol man nah dude!
lol girl no! Hes done burned his bridge with too many people and is very bad with his word! He promises stuff he cant make happen.
lol i quit counting along time ago.
lol ight  i ain't gone front. i'm salty a tad bit she called me ugly  like  this much.
lol ill have to come visit and we can turn up!
lol it does no good though. We're friends so no need to argue over something we won't ever agree with each other w/!
lol it's a bigger one though! I was thinking more of a small port town. Idk though  I want to take a road trip there and look
lol it's because he said he was bringing the Dada outfit back so they are doing the most which is cracking me up!!
lol it's cool we didnt have Westbrook. Heat would have no chance w/o D-Wade
lol it's okay   I wished he was like that too.
lol itsss cool i have plans tomorrow :o so lets hang wensday or thursday ?
lol like my pic it was tight
lol love you too boo.! Love You Too ((:
lol no mine is Romance & Love lol
lol noooo it's on step brothers. Only the greatest movie ever made
lol not even I just barely get it lol I'm always at work I just get it when it's needed
lol seriously that sleep was the bizz
lol shhh lets go noodling all my buddy's are scared the water is to cold
lol sorry :) but I'm not being a smart ass .
lol was this in Oklahoma and he kicked some ppl in the face while trying? Haha ppl were talking about it.
lol what do you mean
lol yeah it's cause he's a little girl! -.-tt
lol yes get to work mister.
lol you gone be there all night?
lol you know you will miss then
lol. Hellll I will only be there until August! I ain't worried about that!
lol. I'm going down there
lol. Whatever makes you sleep at night
lolol i remember when redeana freaked out when i was tlkin bout a galaxy in my belly button
lololol. Hey why did mom wanna know where I was? She won't text back
looks like I'm that .1% YES!
looks like an ocean! DIVE IN!  gladly.
loosens the Curls or aka naps lol making it easier to hang   for white peopl does the exact opposite
love u sugar butt
love you!!! Saturday all you can drink mimosas  joinnnn me!!
loved you on american idol. Wish you the best of luck in the future. Xo
loyalty is everything with our family!
maaaaybe. You know I'd kinda have to meet you first.
made cupcakes and brought them to my school and didn't say hi to me... #ok
make that up sate NY then lol
man its been like that all our lifes.
maybe i try too hard? idk.
maybe later   we gotta talk about something later   just me and you!
maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
maybe they want u know how you make them feel lol
me and Derek will pick you up
me right now is how the walking dead started.....haha
me to! Maybe next time the other one will run. I want to see   go again.
me too but my mamma is a crazy ass as well thinking every school is gonna get shot up...
me too it's everyone that was at calf fry! & general admission is so cheap it's like 22 bucks lol I rod Dylonn she should go
me too! Kicked my day off in a good way! Get some rest love!
means you gotta switch it up an do some new workouts. Add more reps less heavy weight or vice versa you will get sore.
memphis beat OKC for no reason smh
mfs thought I was looting. Ok no
mid night swimmin at my bosses house cause he's outa town
midlife crisis at the zoo today
might be going to texas w. liz for the weekend for baseball! :D
mine is full don't worry I know how you are #alwayslost
mine to rt  basketball is my main bitch
miss you P!! I've been cravin' some ice pops.
miss you too baby!!!! You need to take us all on a date night when you get back!! ;)
miss you too!! :( come visit soon!
more of a hobby so just occasionally?When i feel the need to ahhh. too cool 4 me
more on healthcare but u won't watch a M.Moore movie. I gotta go  driving required but u can tell me what u.r banner means
more want than need cause I can work anywhere
my TL forever talkin about sex. like damn chill.. it's 5 in the afternoon.
my arms are tan frum 2day tho
my attitude messes everything up.
my bestfriend needs to wake up  I'm up now..
my boobies been growing.. they a mouthful nowwhat where they b4. Lmao
my brains already in summer modeSOO no sleep and school work for me any more
my dad works in the national guard. they can't come out right now but they will release him at a certain time
my daddy ain't a horse. Horses can't drive a truck and work.
my dm's don't be notifying me <
my dude  failed algebra 1 w. me.
my heads hurts so bad
my hotel is gathering items as well from our guests that stay in our hotel
my mama got me at the store getting stuff for her & stuff. uggh
my mom doesn't make me do anything cause she knows I won't..
my moms thinking of not letting me go because of what the news said.
my night is gonna consist of wine  candles  and game of thrones
my night went from >>>>>>>>>> to <<<<<<<<<
my phone stays dry nowadays.
my phones messing up and not letting me text. -.-
my snap chat didn't wanna work there for a minute .
nah they're too big and scary
nah. she doesnt need you to start shit so ima handle it. no one needs to deal with your trashy ass& no ive heard all about you
naw can't talk that game then crash!!!
naw i got super powers! That you didnt know about me
nay these BITCHES & bout it
nd I might have to change the TT for tonight
needs to come home. Now.
neither will I! But who cares!?
never forget that at the end of the day  all you really have Is God & yourself.
never seen one in mine  but... #youneverknow
next time you better come. Ain't no other choice.
nice  you guys are literally helping our fan base to grow :)
nigga go on some where looking like the crack head who stole Christmas off of Friday
niggas done stole my fone
no  its bad at my house dudeee.
no I don't wear em just collect sib I only wear the poppy badge or bobby Moore one on my coat behave I'm not a badge div
no I hate it lol
no because people from outside of north america don't like to come to oklahoma... -_-...
no biotc you better be in caywood
no girls chest is gonna sit perfectly up right without a bra   gravity aint haven it. so stop being picky & get a silicone hoe.
no it's the fact twitter is dead tonight
no kidding. Thats just wonderful
no later than 4 probably. rodeo is tomorrow!
no no no no get your facts straight.
no one go to school tomorrow.
no that's rude  she is already with you
no way you could resist
no worries! Just give a is a call back when you want to reschedule. :)
no worries. I'm buying the monster series. She tattoos as well.
no you not  you gotta focus on getting to Leadership Institute
no.... Lol it was about a person
not even sure what that means......I take it you're not in?
not much to miss! Lol but I'm glad it's good
not odd at all.. It's actually part of today's society. Lol
not sleepy. like a real nigga.
not somethin I usually share on my timeline  flashback  forgot about it  long long time ago  I ain't as good as I once was
not sure  I wanna say it's just north of 19th on Santa Fe.
not what   what's his nuts said;))
now I ain't tryna put you out there as if you a freak  so don't even take it that way just say you did it for me
now that would be a scandal
now that's the gayest shit I have ever heard dj say!!
obviously I should... where do you go?
of course I was  I'm a movie expert!
of course we will be!
offsides in hockey is like offsides in soccer. Icing is more like cherry picking
oh   but shit you his bm .
oh  cuz the baddest bitch followed you?
oh Samantha  it's gonna be so cute tho. so like my picture
oh alright. Then i guess we won't be coming.
oh and my fam is comin down
oh and what are those being saved for??
oh haha well well get to hang out for a couple days
oh hells yeah you and I use to watch that show all the time!
oh lol.  Out in oklahoma we do  drop calls everywhere.
oh me  shit how nice of yu to offer cuz lol
oh my fucking god leave me the fuck.alone.
oh my god just went & got the best massage
oh my godddd!  I remember you calling me fat!!
oh noow u wanna be nice to me. Me and caitlyn will have to take a good ol fashion road trip up there. i cant turn down that rice
oh sweet that's exciting! what made you change your mind?
oh sweet!! What time are you going back to Norman!?
oh we are ok. Just surprised to see you tweet about us. :)
oh wow... God hates NO ONE tho!
oh ya! I forgot ur an actress! Jk
oh yeah hilarious! You almost fell head first into a wall
oh yeah?  That could go either way...
oh you deal with that too? #toddlertweets
oh you know they are funny lol
oh.. Or that too. Haha
ok Noah from the notebook... I'm sure that would make  one happy gal
ok goodness! I was so scared lol! We're you still inside of Southmoore?
ok so lebron wants to hoop today
ok thank you. All day??
ok! The application is online.
okaay well just text me cause we need to hang out.
okay what the fuck did that hit
okay. Lets settle this. Nathan is a fruit. I agree
omfg Pierre Jackson tweeted me.. so maybe since I'm thinking about him  he'll dream about me.
omg I love you  like sersly. TEXT ME LETS HANG GURL
omg RFT  2 can play that game. don't try me.
omg my god ! Boy what are you tryin into !!Lmao
omg.......you have to go  go right now! Go!
on a level of 1-10 how stupo is k tut. probz a 11 16 no doubt
on crips I'm getting it from yo mama an sista blood
on god. Will think of something
on snaps  Moore popping off on twitter
one of the worst pictures of bailey there was lol
only faggots are at the lake today
only if you insist I was just kidding
oomf just told me they wanna get together >><
oomf means one of my followers! Lol
ooo girl! Count me in!!! :D
oooooorrrrrrr both Yall  can finance mesee the way my pay day is set up...
or DM me your number lol
or I called Ben! Either way I was on the phone
or run in the tornado
or tab oklahoma pine cuz Georgia too far! Lol
our people are here.
part of it yeah. And Avengers
payday loans no credit check oklahoma city - Apply in minutes for an instant decision
people always ask me why i wanna go out of state for college..  weeelllll....why THE FUCK would i wanna stay here?? i love OKC  but no.
people are gonna think i was in an orgy THIS IS NOT WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE
please follow me Liam!!! It would make my day! Well... Actually it would make my life if you did!!!!! :))
practice at 6:30 tomorrow morning then 6 tomorrow night. #thegrind
probably. I'd have to ask my dad if you could stay and if he will give me money to bring you back. lol
prolly not I think he should call bill and see if he can help him count the
punch fruit for perfect typing?
putting in work at Oklahoma softball
rawr  people are so defensive.
ready to make a tornado video????
really gonna start working out ..
relax yo' mind & take yo' time with me
remember Andrew said go clippers mavericks OKC and heat last year broooo me and you was to dead
reply to my k and apologize so i know its real
right ... But love makes you blind ...
right now I'm about to be one of those people who fall asleep in whack movies.
sad day anytime a killer's life is given more value than an innocent victim's. RIP TA
sam and Liz!? no people are fcking idiots.
same here. I got a note sent out a few weeks ago saying I had too many. SO many of my friends are suffering and we have class.
same shit different year. may be losing a different way but they are still losers. fuck the royals. fuck ned yost. fuck moore. fuck glass
say a name night so I know it's real Bhaha
says you.  Go ahead and hit that unfollow button if you have a problem. Fuck outta my mentions.
see even the internet search agrees with me......... #OKC #remington #art #cowboys #kids #family Think Ponderosa
see this is a good greeting thank you Kyle MOORE
see you tomorrow mr. president
send me a pic right now!
seriously swim suit shopping takes me foreverrrr. I hate it
she always does it to me!!
she caught me.. But fareal!
she don't want nun a dis
she will be three July 1st! It's almost birthday party time :)
she's getting 2 of them
she's the only one I trust with my locks!
shit u close enough to one lol
shooooot- do they allow that at UCO? If so  count me in!
shoot me  Oomf just pissed me off!
should come to Edmond. You wish!
should come to Oklahoma.
should have let me fight
should schedule  when they come to Oklahoma
showed us love thank you keep playing the jams!
signing into acute care for mental health and secondary eval to affirm admission helps when no MD readily available
single but ain't fucked up about it.
so don't be silly lol
so glad you guys are okay!
so is the bra built in or is it separate?
so jealous! Wish I could've.
so nobody wanna kik?
so proud of you   finally got a twitter
so she don't like blacks?
so their religion is to not care if children past?
so umm if you want to bring me some food and sweet tea that'd be cool
so veterans day is a happy occasion? I don't get off for that holiday :-(
so when do you think they'll finally pair up Axel and Sandow? A perfect team...
some are comin home some are leavin town while my worlds crashin down
some girls really need to grow up.
some light skin dudes be feelings theirself so much  making it seem as if they'd suck their own dick if they could!
some of my new followers >
some of y'all make me sick.
someone come save me from this boredom
something is wrong with my signal! Lol I'm not dead! :)
something wrong with it so they taking it back & I'm getting a newer one.
sometimes ya gotta lie to the female friends about things. I prolly spared my own life! Lol
song of the year* (doin it right by daft punk also a jam)
sooo who else is watching this Mermaid show................... OMG OMG
soooooooo we thought we saw a trendy light skinned guy at paseo & lil daddy pulled out a flip phone?
sorry I was at graduation lol
sorry if you didn't get one.
sorry to hear. I'm on OB today - busy busy! :)Haven't heard from the crew in a while. Hope to hear soon!
sorry too late. I've already done it. :-)
sorry! I got a new phone! I'll text you!
sounds good. Just text me on your way
sounds like a plan! I wanna buy a lot too! :)
stay safe while you're in Norman.
step off Lester. I know where you live.
step your game up missy!!!
stfu MAKE ME BORDER JUMPER
stfu!  bitch who you talking to?! Ill get  it got real
still think I hate you ? Lol
still? Dang why aren't more people following you?
stunting in that avi. I see you.
such a treat running into  and  today  can't wait for sushi with you two this week!
suck it up it's high school Spanish. As easy as it gets
summer internship? What desk will you be working?
switching from an iPhone to anything else is the most depressing thing EVERRRRR.
tag me bitch? damn. you don't even follow me! why the fuck does it matter what I tweet  it'smy opinion.
take a pic for me
take me with you!
takes out tech 8-0 making back-to-back shout outs
tell him to come by my house  in hungry to! lol
text me and tell me whats going on
text me are u okay?
text me bro DM me your #
text yo gurl why are you awake
thank you Christian! I live in Oklahoma..
thank you brother I appreciate it
thank you for your support.
thank you so much  I love you too! Reminds me so much of what happened in Woodward  and it's just devastating.
thank you so much For everything
thank you so much. Really. It means a lot!!
thank you we need them right now
thank you! Once all this damn metal is off my teeth I'm getting a real one. It's a hoop earring I broke. LOL
thank you! You need to remember who gave me the idea though! #you
thank you.   Thanks  So Is Yours
thank you. && yes it is a true definition of a hero! That's why I think they should get paid more.
thank you.. I needed someone there to make me feel better about myself.
thanks babe. If you need anything DM me! I'll always be here!
thanks babygirl. Once I start I'm sure I'll find the right words.
thanks dayone u was the only person that checked on me . I appreciate it.
thanks for the follow! Can you get the word out on this? Till 7pm  shields to penn on I240 #goodnews
thanks for the follow:)
thanks for the lessons on a Taurus  my fianc is a Taurus!!! Love it!!
thanks for the phone call :))))))
thanks for the snow cone Saturday night  good seeing ya
thanks. It was profoundly moving.
that could be arranged...we'll work on it.
that isn't all they did!
that should just make you work harder
that snapchat video  sent me lastnight....... what. da. faq.
that sounds like dingy lol
that talk i just had w. my dad > i swear  i can tell him anything.
that tweet was directed toward PROMISE  & DARNECIA . chill tf out.#DEAD  P R E A C H
that two hour nap helped so little  but yet so much.
that was a fun ball game to watch
that was just an excuse tell him to not be like that will lock the gates so the cops won't get in
that's awesome! ^.^ & yeah I do. Do you?
that's because pure not a true fan lol
that's exactly what I said!!!!
that's fake you never let me brush your hair  you never ask
that's fine....I lift #tool
that's like saving $0.50 a day!!!!!! YOLO
that's on you . but I can't promise you nothing .. it's harsh I know .
that's the last thing I wanna do lol y'all niggas was prob over there tripping lol
that's the line I walk.
that's what I said. Lol.
that's what I'm talm bout ! I just like the Pacers .. ain a fan . I'm OKC this way
that's what Rick James said :)
that's why it's been weird on twitter lately.
that's why most of yall are lost and don't know what to believe
thats good! And Im doing Good. A bit tired from working so much but hard work will pay off. :)
thats great Nick!!!   Good job!!!
the  is in His hands
the Heat won 66 games for a reason...& the Pacers won 49 games for a reason...you are what your record says you are
the awkward moment when your eyes legitimately make you look like a fish #thatsucks #subtweet
the citizens of Stillwater can't have nice things.
the collar clamp combo is very tempting lol
the feeling is mutual! Now come to OKC and do a tap workshop!
the first time I actually wanna be home by myself and I am... Can I dive in?
the first time I try 2 give taco mayo  another try its been 22 mins and I still dont have my order #fail
the fuck ? I ain't turning my phone off .
the greatest things start from nothing.. #OklaHOPEma
the name and the quote is off of Idlewildlol I was wondering why that name sounded familiar
the person acknowledged it in a DM. I wanted to die. Lol.
the pic with him In the rock the boat video just killed it I cried laughing
the senior class sponsors. Its the only plausible thing to do. Do we just make a refund line at graduation or donate it.
the special ed talent show was just the best.
the tornado gonna take all the damn trees and throe it at your face
the tornado happened bc KD congratulated the gay NBA star what right
the wind just about blew my skinny ass off the porch.
their parents will never get to see them grow up :(
then I'll think about hanging out with you. That simple.  you see? He's mean too! :c
then you got the wrong player homey. lol
there was a bimb threat this morning at # northcare on 11 th and Hudson. Building was evacuated at approx 9:30
there were ghostbuster comic books
there! Your back on twitter! Connect away! (That was easy).
there's a limited amount of things like situation specific  coloring sheets: little kids. I support free form- but wonder abt.
there's a lot of grps that deal with the child sex abuse and trafficking - if you run the list of ppl I follow
there's a new documentary out on animal planet. with new evidence. I am crying
there's not? Arsenio tweets about Church's all the time?
theres been a lot of Disney stars on #dwts Billy Cyrus hell Disney owns   because they own ABC #dwts
these Harold Lloyd Shorts r great laughing my --- off. 1917-1918
these are the times when I do not envy you your job.
these drake pictures are absolutely annoying.
these folks need us too
these people on my timeline obviously aren't eating their barbecue right.
these shorts i made are the shiiiiit
they are looking for a baby in bethel
they are the teenage mutant ninja turtles! geez
they aren't a church in a lot of people's opinions. They are a bunch of assholes with nothing better to do.
they aren't letting people clean up
they can shut up. They are just jealous too!
they did it all day yesterday. text me when you're heading down and ill check on what's available
they know a girl like a guy that an fight. Means that they can protect you! Lol
they say get in the tub or center part of the house
they send it to the place Emi said they haven't sent yours in
they would notice home court is not a big deal to Miami. They swept OKC last year on their court and OKC had the best crowd IMO.
they'd stay a cool 4-5 feet away from me.
think I'm really falling for his smile...he really blows me away
think about my poor car. :( lol
thinks that he can make me believe that. Haha nice try!
this for a DM to Luke  Jai  James  Diamonds  Coco  Lala  Gina  Norman and Joyce! {must be following} your choice
this gentleman is asking  2find others at international levels of human trafficking policy and preventions. Pls
this guest better be the shizz!!! or im going to go moore  okla on their ass!! too soon? #idontcare #specialguest
this is like the singlest I've ever been like fooooooreal. like singler than a Pringle
this nigga stuck on hugs  I'm on kisses .
this plus over 5000$ is coming to help aid the relief from my job guests and my boss!
this to me? lol  Lol she hung up wow
this. 45 Best Things About Living In Oklahoma  via
those are coy fish aren't they? Lol.
those days were awesome!!!! Miss them
those who have received mercy extend mercy...James makes it clear that people who claim to be Christians but fail to help...
thought I'd leave work for lunch this evening. (@ DUAL - CARLS / GRN BURRITO 1101656)
thought you were gay tho ?gay for pussy!
time too grow up now imma be a junior no more childish ways ya feel me
to attend school tomorrow or throw myself into a pit of fire
today at school was cool..
tomorrow night  fast 6 anyone me
too much on the mind. Glad I don't work tomorrow lol
too much traffic  not enough time.
took a brave  brave girl to try.
total wimp  he is a total wimp
true. I'm moving on slowly but surely.
trueee  The way I got jealous over Megan is embarrassing.
truue that  we should persue that comedian job
truuee... either way I think we came up a little short. -__- lol
try to put that video on twitter.
trying so hard to keep my eyes open
tweeted about it first. #refrain
tye chill. You just now getting to high school.
typical Saturday night for you
u can talk ask u want but u want get out there
u need some water nd some bc powder.
ugh it was supposed to say so
uh yea! Lord England is the best!
uhh yeauh.. You ain't get It In ya mentions? Smh.. && ya too good to follow back... Smh!
uhhhh with someone you haven't seen in like YEARS!!!
um holler at your boy when that happens
um yes. come home now please
ungrateful ass ALL YO ASS HAD TO WAS SAY WAS aww thank you Bri I'm gunna miss you too  then you could have cussed me out rude.
ur 0-2 ha at least no Oklahoma this year
very true lol! That obviously needs to change real quick
wah ok ill see what im doin and hit you up maybe kendra will come too if thats ok
wait what? No I'm just white and Indian okay lol
want me to make you?
was He a Head Metoroligist?  I'm Trying to do some Research and find some info on Him. He was a Reason I got Excited about S. Weath
was it?  CRIMINAL MINDS WAS TOO GOOD!
was my name on there instead of yours?!
wat part u coming to?
watch me on my light stand
watching an old Matlock rerun where you're a special guest..money laundering ep
watching from Oklahoma City...  Let's Go  Bayern!!!!!!!!!
water is good for plants?grass? And for the pond to fill up!
we are boys. But I ain't got the cheese for all that.
we are going to a church. The one right by the highschool
we are looking for something bigger. It's west of sw 15th and mustang rd. saddlecreek estates. 1976 sqft $207k
we could be so so perfect.
we could have that lowkey relationship.
we did that too!
we don't want the whole world  just a piece of it
we focus so much on possible tornado or hail or high winds & often forget about how deadly this is:
we gotta see what's up with it! Shii I gotta take off for my fam reunion
we just basically tweeted the same thing!
we just can't catch a break. When we needed a strong start from our ace we get 4...
we should of went ya cow.
we still have some mostly kids sizes. What are u looking for?
we tried calling your coach today
we was all mermaids at one point .
weather delay at Tigue Moore Field  at the SBC tournament. #4 FAU and #1 Troy are tied 1-1 with FAU batting  2 out one on Top 9
weird to me how the cops were there not giving a single fuck lol
well I had to gizoogle Rob Ford Suzanne Norman crack smokin' mayor of Toronto deserves this shizit....
well I'm doing graduation stuff so I can't but sometime soon!
well Ricky bobby I know girl I can hook you up with. Sweet lady! And she loves reds! #gotcha
well damn  how much do you need???? Lol
well dont this time! *inserts pedo smiley face* :-)
well f u too cuz
well good for you.  I dont have no hoes ...
well hoe   i aint got a missed call   shoulda texted
well my mommy is showing me a little love .
well oh ok then
well one guys said they called his mom and then Rose said Mr. Hunt is her neighbor and she asked and he said no
well roscoe is just taking up his side of the bed out of the middle tonight.. sweet
well things are kinda tense
well we don't have food at my house.
wen u come to da O bro lmao I m feeling gangster
went over my house and all it took was shingles. Thank you Lord for being a God of security and provision
were do yo sign up at?
what I do yesterday lol?!?!
what are u doing this weekend?
what are you doing Sunday?
what college are you going to?
what do you mean?
what does Tarik have to do with anything? Lol
what is it Laura? :)
what kind? ohh  nvm i don't give a damn.
what the heck guys.. Jezz
what video are yu in send me the link..I wanna see it
what were the first two?
what you doing in Houston
what you doing over the summer
what you doing today?
what'd you do this time?
what's so entertaining bout that lol
what's ugly bout it.  Not Understanding.
what's up with everyone going to all these bridges ?
what??? Come to the pool! Why are you going to bed???
whatever don't make excuses. I was shootin in the same wind
whatever works for you. :)
when I get money  lets go shopping... Me tooooo! I don't have anything that fits
when i see oomf on my TL >>
when i see you next! We locking on sight cuz!
when my back won't pop
when you go take me  I just wanna go to the lake
when you have the answer I'm all ears!
when you're ready come and get it na na na na
wher can I pick a magazine up at?
where are the lakers  okc  bulls  celtics  & etc. ? AT HOME ?? oh okay  thought so ... #TeamHeat #HeatNation ??????
where are the small business loans? Ask Obama.
where are you going?
where are you?! Be safe love!!!! They're coming towards Byng and Ada! Love you!
where is my sandwich? up your ass. where your head is too  if you think I'm gonna make you a damn sandwich.
where you at bro. Nigga you disappeared & left ya phone?? My fault bro
which ones you order?
whiskey? HAHA oh shhhhiiiiit Jack. Hands down. hell i like it all.
who are y'all talkin about what girl lol and what's up
who had time to count?
who's the babe in the back of that picture tell her I'm single
whoever it was  was being a tailgate tommy!
why did you tweet at yourself...?
why didn't I think of that? Perfect!
why don't u just eat some dairy and help them out
why everyone keep saying that? lmao.     Youu Bitter ! You Need To Get Laid ! Lol
why is myles in my mentions?
why mad at me
why people unfollow you? Lmao. Stop bein such a bitch && that won't happen!  love you(:
why these niggas still follow each other? lmao.
why would you even follow them in the first place? Haha
why you catching attitudes max? stay in a hoes place. lmao.
why you going cray cray like Lindsay!!?
will do bro! Follow  for updates!
will someone come chill w. me
woke up with a hangover so it's time to roll up.
wondering why you feel the need to get with every girl I'm a pimp it's in my blood.
workin hard. I haven't seen you in forever. did you die in a tornado or something? ??
wow so your going to steal my money ? .. alright whatever ....
wow that's like mindblowing. Protesting children's funerals...? Really
wow you really look like your mom.
wtf so even with the tornado close yesterday you didn't go?x)
wutever! We need to take a picture before I get locked up! Ctfu
xanax and zanex? Na just ignorance
y'all fuck ass niggas better not look at me .
ya it blows! server?
ya lets go we're at lol?
ya right. Love you too
ya'll these mexican janitors be talking SHIT in spainish. i promise you they do.
ya..but IM happy where IM at... If that guy comes along...cool. But in at a fug it time in my life. I'm content
yall tryna go to church we need too.
yay for being gay! I'm so proud of her!
yay for having no friends
yea hopefully! All we know is what Casey told us!
yea i cant deal with ya ignorance ms. catfish.
yea only way for us lames to get attention
yea we are fine.. Thanks tho
yeah   cause its his voice  & I can see him outside on his phone .
yeah  I haven't gone in forever.. It's just not the same without you lol
yeah  I work a lot. George works a lot more. I only had 3 days off for 2 weeks though. I have 4 now cause George took a shift
yeah  that bad defense in the second was totally the umps fault. And nyy got a more egregious call in their favor already
yeah I know but still hop on LeBron's jock he could be a knick one day
yeah but it my legs that are killing me yeah. my legs buuurn.
yeah everyone would wait till I was done. And then everyone's phone would hum and they'd get done real quick lol
yeah i came all last week.r u gone be there?
yeah if u trying to go to Texas you need 65$ 45$ for the intermission and 20 for the hotel
yeah im getting a new one  but irdk which one yet . Hollister got some cute new ones  but idk I want something a lol diff.
yeah it is! We are so lucky the grass was high or we would of got caught!
yeah it is!! Thats the only reason I am excited about working 8 dats straight. Haha.
yeah its Korea rap
yeah man me too. We got fortunate with this one.
yeah the song. Didn't know people know berner. Just thought they would only know wiz
yeah you're such a badass why don't you say something you piece of shit.
yeah. We should kikc it soon
yeah. it's so ass
yep. We do. It's bull shit.
yes  I'm gonna act.
yes good out this way :)
yes it's hailing right now shits getting real
yes that's who I was taking bout !
yes you cant go wrong with that selection
yes! I haven't seen you in forever!
yes! Moore is affiliated with us though :/
yes!!! I went to the white out game last year. Game 5 last vs okc it was live!!! :)
yes!!!! I am fine. Just stressing me out!
yes. He was visibly in shock. Who will help him? 6 deaths confined thus far.
yes. They wouldn't even let me over there yesterday because I didn't live over there
yesss guess you'll have to
yo. I'm going get off for a bit. iPods about to die.
you ain't mad so tf up
you ain't ready?(; I am. You ready ?
you already know I am boo!
you are a monster
you are exactly right. I never EVER listen to country. But occasional ill hear one I enjoy lol
you are the most comforting friend a crazy lady could hope for.
you are too kind :p
you been in wilburton forever tho... You from Podunk Oklahoma lol
you can have mine
you can text me
you can't see the emoji?
you coming to hoop
you could go visit nursing homes and spend time with lonely elderly folks!
you could say  I'm just a tad but pumped.
you did and you know it fool.
you didn't even sound like you was playin first off & i thought this conversation wa over?
you don't even play for that team... #lyinass
you don't know what you got until it's gone
you don't need to get in that mood lol
you down for the ranch tomorrow morning?
you got me Spazzing tf out at work. People are looking at me all types of Crazy. Lmfcoooo
you got me fucked up.  kammie and tata had a 4some#crfu
you got that right! Gotta go see all the campers tho
you got the inside scoop.
you guys are worse than women.
you guys don't have 6th hour today  do you? :/
you have given so much & now Plaza Towers Elementary needs you too!! Can you imagine being a teacher protecting those children
you have the cutest smile ever. I know
you have to be careful  it will take over your life
you have to let it sit for a couple days!
you just have to go to their page && see if they still follow you or not. Lol
you know  from pcw he was at the foster
you know it!!  I just wanna scream it! Hahah
you know what I meant!!!!
you know what sad? Is that you have to answer to God. I won't judge you but I will forgive you because God will handle you
you know your in Texas when everything is brown  dry and ugly. Welcome Home Tav.
you knwo who i totally ship? mandy moore and ryan adams. can they have babies now?
you mean ICA.. Wait HDX.. Wait.. Stop renaming!  RDS is going PCoIP  how's that going to compete with M$/CTX?
you need a hobby  my friend.
you need a tv show
you never ever reply to me
you noe you love it when this beat is on.
you obviously have NO idea what you're talking about.
you probably ought to have that checked. Doesn't sound normal. Maybe a brain tumor ;)
you read that Eric!!! You're buying groceries and helping cook!!!
you said your bootay is the partay so   said go to the party chris soo I posted that pic lol
you saying its not gay now. but you not there yet  you aint witnessed my expertise.
you should come to Oklahoma City and try BoBo's Chicken! Lmaoo
you should look like that all the time. Natural beauty!
you should of told the bitch mind her buisness & im grown tf
you should spit some beechnut in that dudes eye and shoot him with your .45
you the one ditchin our brother bonding for Colombia
you thought. correction. i'm a virgin.
you tweet like a female
you was involved in the blow up DUMB FUCK! Muah! I would send u a kissy face emoji but u can't see it!
you welcome.   thanks beautiful :)
you were in the zone! I can appreciate that. :-)
you were to busy being pimp mommy j lol you know how I do
you will do well on your exams I'm certain also an mood you have is fine cause ill always love you man. Kiss&hugs
you wouldn't know how to do that
you'll be great in a western! #theduke
you're a bitch Taron calling a girl  a fugly bitch you really are fucking up
you're black && from Oklahoma tho!!!
you're from good stock :)
you're gonna be okay. Sleep good.   always knows how to make me feel better.
you're gonna be puking everywhere
you're joining the Air Force  don't even start
you're just an m&m
you're letter jacket has been found!!!
you're missin out kev! it's the best one yet!
you're perfect to me sweetheart
you're so welcome  my tweets get really annoying just saying
you're tacky & annoying. shut up
you're welcome. It's true tho! I hate you for how beautiful you are!!! Lmao! Jk Jk!
your going to grow a penis for lying. (told my little brother if he lied  he'd turn into a girl and lose his man part LOL)
your hizzay needs alot of beer if I'm coming I've got tons
your mom is a ugly hoe.
your one to talk!
your picture?? That's what an avi is.
your the one who said it
your welcome. Get some sleep we got a busy day tomorrow
yuck! Lol. I hope your done with that hot pocket.
z-bo is playing like he's trying to burn off his baby fat in one quarter.
~ While everyone was focused on Oklahoma. The sneaky snakes. #benghazi #IRS #AP #teaparty
